# Hollywood Undead - "Another Way Out" (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/TV5m7KvWUj0?si=4FcsqXBD_uXORTdJ,
# Black Coast - TRNDSTTR (Lucian Remix),
https://youtu.be/r7Ve8ExE8YY?si=zYdJNcDqz_ZWtwm3,
# Fall Out Boy - Centuries (Remix / Audio) ft. Juicy J,
https://youtu.be/Z5hoMqmpgzw?si=vsxfYYGmImzk0D38,
# DNMO & Sub Urban - Broken (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/KZT-_VW-k38?si=BODFbKI9PxHJNxyy,
# Fall Out Boy - Centuries (ACAPELLA) on Spotify & Apple,
https://youtu.be/RwSDPsSWPzY?si=C29OyKAuMW6nfsx9,
# Fall Out Boy - Centuries (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/Wh1GINmXSdY?si=WyDS1jhgBaKi3Zmm,
# Stephen - Crossfire (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/isL-5S0ihaY?si=P-25E5FWhj_ZbCcY,
# Stephen - Crossfire Pt. II (feat. Talib Kweli & KillaGraham) Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/_R_e97VVATY?si=rauqSrHUDK79Tbtf,
# Stephen - Crossfire Pt. III ft. Saba, Ravyn Lenae, The O'My's & J.P. Floyd (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/XezIKxtGH7Y?si=g6mftN-NeHC2GoTW,
# TheFatRat, Slaydit & Anjulie - Stronger [Monstercat Release],
https://youtu.be/gHgv19ip-0c?si=eQMOXeCmSd5MPLD_,
# Hollywood Undead - Lump Your Head [Lyrics],
https://youtu.be/PVw7_TD4u3A?si=WQne-YoXUrigCxu1,
# Hollywood Undead - Bad Moon [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/ri7E8IAoVi0?si=leioXLrjNnTISbZF,
# Memphis May Fire - Virus Lyrics Tradu√ß√£o (Official Music Video),
https://youtu.be/NKNKqQtjAbs?si=M27IguPs91IKMZVx,
# Hollywood Undead - Renegade [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/WW2sPJEgp4c?si=6DEtExpUnfncha8-,
# My Demons - Starset (fan lyric video),
https://youtu.be/LSvOTw8UH6s?si=-WfwPnz9ylPkDa9n,
# Hollywood Undead - War Child [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/Je6MoyLL5Uo?si=FSgodyqhmGqfIYS7,
# Shinedown - Enemies - Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/3z9Kmla_ceA?si=sJetnu4d5fRklJQA,
# Thousand Foot Krutch - Lifeline (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/-HXUyEWP1DE?si=S8FyxFe4Bb93hGIr,
# ‚Ñíund - Weep (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/iVUFb0VvQ3E?si=xH7o9npwbZmDUVQW,
# In My Bones (feat. SadBoyProlific & Yung Van),
https://youtu.be/en1ns1lRAuI?si=Mg3x0Bmz3UYWK0CE,
# The Prodigy - Omen - Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/KuLCrgTqfAg?si=5fOtch1uzEvQvd71,
# Starset- It Has Begun  (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/O1asGKxmS34?si=VIolEP3uTRawT3o9,
# Hollywood Undead - Day Of The Dead [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/5mOn1k4M2mU?si=jD03_f6VHqvxC2dG,
# Starset - Carnivore,
https://youtu.be/7TkokQjF71Q?si=bNAjdY-OXdlb4i7i,
# ‚Ñíund - Rx Luv (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/JBEoDoUolPY?si=2iJanGid9c1MAqJU,
# The Prodigy - Invaders Must Die - Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/hDuDYYYZcqo?si=6TRA5StdgVv51RYN,
# Defqwop - Heart Afire (feat. Strix) [Lyrics],
https://youtu.be/3jzGo101jkY?si=m02wCdIPhc_gVT8D,
# Hollywood Undead - I Don't Wanna Die [Lyrics],
https://youtu.be/2uV5sKnAQIs?si=LNyJo2F-rXWKasUX,
# Hollywood Undead - Lion [Lyrics] ,
https://youtu.be/BIhGIEfzVDM?si=TOhIxLkbr_s1_qgi,
# MANUEL - GAS GAS GAS (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/8zZ5IWc1do0?si=bRv9n6Mh3P--lcJF,
# Hollywood Undead - Levitate [Lyrics],
https://youtu.be/806sukxpxOI?si=gvSkDUe-KM1ggZEc,
# Hollywood Undead - Bullet [Lyrics],
https://youtu.be/pbvvL53fTTg?si=qTyC8968ILeSkStT,
# Hollywood Undead - Comin' in Hot [Lyrics],
https://youtu.be/mk3V-iuhIX8?si=Rernss5XJrsGC3Et,
# Hollywood Undead - Bang Bang [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/4DNy7jOHoeM?si=Ij1LO8ruZk_djXT4,
# Hollywood Undead - California Dreaming [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/JNSWLO_7lU4?si=hGLl4aGjU7B6nczh,
# Hollywood Undead - Young [Lyrics],
https://youtu.be/Hzy9LnU6-LI?si=sK6cZh7PZxG9sED9,
# Hollywood Undead - Medicine [Lyrics],
https://youtu.be/eGNSzKzaidg?si=Bq47ZE_PZo_cg7sn,
# Hollywood Undead - Dead Bite [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/g9t6gIKvxts?si=ozEEVIjs_BKqyosI,
# Hollywood Undead - Bloody Nose [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/PcNsj74j568?si=gr3wcq6q5gTEQhh0,
# Hollywood Undead - Kill Everyone [Lyrics],
https://youtu.be/7RybPdm1Hqk?si=LF_qtAaT-g9D9NAi,
# Hollywood Undead - Riot [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/PJTmVWzpDtc?si=o8BO0zcxnmhsnUa8,
# Hollywood Undead - Time Bomb [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/Nuei95nHFxA?si=O9XOv0JRlf_d_3rP,
# Hollywood Undead - Party By Myself [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/k1W50hyaUPo?si=Mk8-fUCqtJuc6z4X,
# Hollywood Undead - Your Life [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/xqcsVEnVE8s?si=_kXUehoD0citk4vV,
# Hollywood Undead - Whatever It Takes [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/LtQqRvI6PF4?si=upJDy74YdZOLJyn5,
# Lil Nas X - Old Town Road (Lyrics) ft. Billy Ray Cyrus,
https://youtu.be/pl5WHx8QCVk?si=oOPeeq9CrlPbdo7b,
# Thousand Foot Krutch - Courtesy Call (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/6lNBsqUtfKc?si=oNU2tMJbBJLypzP_,
# All Good Things - For The Glory (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/FiL3518nxks?si=cXP5CZCMzB9LdDWT,
# Bitch Came Back - Theory of a Deadman ( lyrics ),
https://youtu.be/ZTVfXK9NA-w?si=cWcKxPjMsWDeebC4,
# Thousand Foot Krutch - Take It Out On Me (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/ZAuYNq-vNdQ?si=gQxMHfDujQpkYssG,
# Manafest Renegade (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/4VhXtw4kQC4?si=IviZRNTsvd9UKbJq,
# Of Mice & Men | Would You Still Be There (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/eg-hSOzC_wM?si=EVOO0TQnfFuHBXWl,
# Thousand Foot Krutch: War of Change (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/nDz5SzpA3Xw?si=_SroY5hjC9LywVUd,
# Thousand Foot Krutch - E for Extinction [LYRICS],
https://youtu.be/h9GEPqBssVk?si=X72X-h4Hr85eqBr0,
# Starset Point of No Return Lyrics HD,
https://youtu.be/YcspImXU5yI?si=3reAxRI3j10PKdhf,
# Anthem of the Lonely - Nine Lashes (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/wIBnTfrNggo?si=ueOGZ4AiDSxaDDKL,
# Thousand Foot Krutch - Untraveled Road (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/uVBQYow1X5g?si=N6WTMKfxDWsmuA8l,
# STARSET - Monster (Lyrics HD),
https://youtu.be/hyfV0GBe18w?si=Mz_jmArhvrpZd42_,
# Solence - Warriors [HD],
https://youtu.be/Ey6C1PPFxjY?si=wlII9xFZWsVvxMwY,
# Gorillaz - Feel Good Inc,
https://youtu.be/OVDhb0i7U_8?si=XOmR95mR1ROQT8cb,
# Gorillaz - Clint Eastwood - Scrolling Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/po94umxnAOQ?si=MTLLTcVwFC23pQ5x,
# Thanks For The Memories (Lyrics) - Fall Out Boy,
https://youtu.be/NQxDwWC64Z4?si=r63yCLQkKaMaSWqI,
# Killing our memories lyrics,
https://youtu.be/PeKE6Bet5ew?si=eStlX0ApvNWpEvmt,
# üêª Prismo - Stronger (Lyrics Video),
https://youtu.be/EV2B307R7qc?si=3nIHONanEH2uVOjp,
# Skillet - Finish Line (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/Z3lAiytQJJs?si=cpd2y9GMffR_fr83,
# Skillet-Monster (Lyrics Video),
https://youtu.be/MUdIKF4V4m8?si=NHIIONo1K-Pzi6gr,
# Skillet- Feel Invincible (Lyrics Video),
https://youtu.be/J4JisubEvSI?si=bOPCCSs3KV2SvHn6,
# Skillet-Hero (Lyrics Video),
https://youtu.be/7yeksMKVOno?si=Hp3hGbxHA2Oa6jgt,
# Skillet- Awake And Alive Lyrics (HD),
https://youtu.be/9aRlxHtB0pg?si=KNNb6rn3932QqFcy,
# Skillet - The Resistance (Lyrics HD),
https://youtu.be/jP_uUkBfCM4?si=aX-bgp8sK02ZTZvU,
# Skillet -  Legendary (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/hAXCNeAk7-0?si=RNWONHuQBmolSxM_,
# Skillet - whispers in the dark with lyrics,
https://youtu.be/omuYo49_SOQ?si=FMOMnsRanugaYE95,
# Skillet: Save Me (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/57mILWYveCc?si=amEnGDXrXtF5_XDr,
# Skillet - Back From The Dead (Lyrics HD),
https://youtu.be/uxwU_NhKck4?si=XsinWtHVt59KAbYj,
# Skillet - Falling Inside The Black (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/tfY4OfUXiYU?si=LNtRD30cUZhluUub,
# Skillet - I want To Live (Lyrics HD),
https://youtu.be/hGCMeI-5-ss?si=UfSrYnJ3Ovtqujvn,
# Skillet - Undefeated (Lyrics HD),
https://youtu.be/ZMr93ZZMFmY?si=4rT7WdmF1oXlghPr,
# Skillet - This Is The Kingdom (Lyrics) ,
https://youtu.be/4_r9FXOF-mU?si=ko5wqfoT-pIP7U8J,
# Skillet - Set It Off Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/QMS8x_cifKk?si=Jymwyw9fhbpJuVq0,
# Skillet - You Get Me High Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/Li-Iyh7Jx1w?si=vcvzEcScsSuNIkI6,
# Skillet - Victorious (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/SDWYlXuU6-E?si=cXnBsTIGmIlRR98g,
# Solence - Spit It Out [sub espa√±ol],
https://youtu.be/fCxFymyinTM?si=VrFTR_qC6ZM1X9Xt,
# Prismo - Too Close,
https://youtu.be/S6E2PhULfLc?si=MSPQ6G96dq_qO1Ro,
# Disturbed - What Are You Waiting For Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/L2KWBsQMqKs?si=3_7OCHU0jNgUlqE6,
# Disturbed - ''Who'' Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/W9qT8R99SFc?si=WBxEmPR6nN0bu23d,
# Disturbed - ''Save Our Last Goodbye'' Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/nMLHFZBBj-U?si=cKZ_lZlr9G86oE8T,
# Disturbed - Legion Of Monsters (Bonus Track),
https://youtu.be/bKfdxTZVv0Q?si=9K80gJGwuyza9lCV,
# Disturbed - Immortalized Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/TI_xOCsEmk0?si=pENN2WTDa9KikbcK,
# Emperor's New Clothes || Panic! At The Disco Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/lFjAkGSGgvw?si=wkR1W021AcljRX5W,
# Starset - Die For You (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/aUTzZGR64mI?si=iXibc55calGTep5o,
# Get Scared - Don't You Dare Forget The Sun Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/7mkePUgLO5U?si=1Npx4Yi3t0HouFLg,
# Metallica - Nothing else matter lyrics,
https://youtu.be/x7bIbVlIqEc?si=ZmqAdJz-uVLB67IQ,
# Metallica: Enter Sandman (Official Music Video),
https://youtu.be/CD-E-LDc384?si=Ddl9hf8DyNn8owJr,
# Enter Sandman (Remastered),
https://youtu.be/XZuM4zFg-60?si=mytj3kRMrYRElOwv,
# Metallica The Unforgiven Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/mTwjUE60HG4?si=sbAZeZj5YP0fuQTN,
# Metallica - Sad But True Lyrics (HD),
https://youtu.be/O_4OfD-wmGs?si=f4qW_hx__JG9Hwvz,
# Seek & Destroy (Remastered),
https://youtu.be/FLTchCiC0T0?si=jFhMNXVk3veRUszw,
# Set It Off - I'll Sleep When I'm Dead w/ LYRICS,
https://youtu.be/hZT4tPfWxfg?si=HifbMP_Z7S3sCw0l,
# Wolf in Sheep's Clothing ft. William Beckett  - Set It Off - Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/Zljvp9-ekyk?si=ZkDGoQoiztQGMRi_,
# Set It Off || The Haunting (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/ErVNPpq1pfU?si=TnbPt3WJgxkmvBcM,
# Metallica - Don't Tread On Me - Lyrics on Screen,
https://youtu.be/ELnETx7ewQA?si=6M3JcZ01dIME_dPu,
# Metallica - The God That Failed Lyrics (HD),
https://youtu.be/fMRU-E57qSg?si=LxvyPpqavZiyn_1g,
# Metallica - Of Wolf & Man Lyrics (HD),
https://youtu.be/mOju087EGR0?si=bYx2MJPS_Y-rsXL_,
# Metallica - Holier Than Thou Lyrics (HD),
https://youtu.be/6klSJDfazN0?si=olADqOaqWMj6ubyk,
# Metallica - Die, Die My Darling Lyrics (HD) ,
https://youtu.be/ONyL4ol28Fg?si=2gLoly_MRF6mE20z,
# Three Days Grace - Animal I Have Become (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/n9h7hU6_VI4?si=vhXdW0CUILm7C99A,
# Lund - Broken (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/LbVA2udEec0?si=y6DJEwUjkTfuDlV4,
# ‚Ñíund - Low (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/8TfeCAJEZeA?si=rIy1_Pwl5yYAABze,
# Lund - Foresight (LYRICS),
https://youtu.be/3obbhI7qGSA?si=6T1yxJIbaF9ALM4d,
# ‚Ñíund - MJ (LYRICS),
https://youtu.be/vdioZVt25MA?si=eS0OmNS8hqE-Mqzh,
# ‚Ñíund - Blkbird [Legendado],
https://youtu.be/Mo6Cqum0Kzs?si=BSQ4Amr6K73tw04H,
# Forgot 2 Die,
https://youtu.be/GM5SwypuLeA?si=ut5SLerePYpWfdsv,
# Nintey-Six,
https://youtu.be/2dHdy0iiVjw?si=xAUB-rNzKUaLbGFt,
# Hit It,
https://youtu.be/67a639UullU?si=vCwGcZFY3mamhRax,
# Jake Hill & Josh A - Suicide Forest,
https://youtu.be/Z1n-Nkmt3Ks?si=tTVJeE3SECRkbepq,
# Story Of The Year - "The Dream Is Over" (Full Album Stream),
https://youtu.be/pg2iD_E_FCo?si=oyXsVOIGvZ_-pTQx,
# Warriyo - Mortals (feat. Laura Brehm) (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/meYF7XgBrcg?si=afAcEkYXlR8XUrDe,
# Cold Bones,
https://youtu.be/TEXwv8VLDmg?si=RUXVDZAcPrJ24JoJ,
# Lund - Skin & Bones,
https://youtu.be/NBvOHby4ZfE?si=M8Vl_aqtBlo0Vlfj,
# Bahari - Savage (Lyrics / Lyrics Video),
https://youtu.be/9MCK4MnLy1w?si=ELNqAIKaB0Blk2Jt,
# Arizona Zervas - ROXANNE (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/mfYUtROIzDk?si=aS_HApHGCd8x9fHS,
# Gnarls Barkley - Crazy (Official Video) [4K Remaster],
https://youtu.be/-N4jf6rtyuw?si=iRasW8Qaac-Nb36P,
# twenty one pilots - Heathens (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/zq2pagG8_ok?si=Mk2hY8l3bPdoYEnW,
# Imagine Dragons - Natural (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/Oqz2QNV58fw?si=Ve7yp7oi6pWdy0mz,
# NEFFEX - Fight Back (Lyrics/Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/pdZ3t2HaPFs?si=PWDtjowBvKHzMa7a,
# The White Stripes - 'Seven Nation Army" (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/KcZ73FRFLzY?si=FbJOyfUZ5D2iv3Bn,
# Twenty One Pilots - Stressed Out (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/JRqRVAUlA4E?si=yrKmgtBi-DL3Gn2t,
# Lane Boy - Twenty One Pilots LYRICS ,
https://youtu.be/6dAL9ztYRqQ?si=6tk1YE8kyktx0kkr,
# Disturbed - The Vengeful One,
https://youtu.be/HSx5assWzac?si=a3j9rSS9XnX7TNg7,
# BEAUZ & JVNA - Crazy (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/h1_OMfI3UW0?si=lx3F2bliiIyyHUfq,
# Bad - Royal Deluxe (LYRICS),
https://youtu.be/FN4yxR27rfI?si=dEibF85SZ7QrsfBj,
# Br1ghter Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/hI7uj5EzuGQ?si=f1g9wddmdSnH45Di,
# Jo Cohen & Sex Whales - We Are [Lyrics],
https://youtu.be/4QUN2lMMT6Q?si=STAwsNI9uOrxhRvY,
# Linkin Park - In The End (Mellen Gi & Tommee Profitt Remix),
https://youtu.be/WNeLUngb-Xg?si=YZ56kLtKG8jOqYtm,
# DragonForce - Heroes Of Our Time (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/yDr1spKiKko?si=MpwbgVWm5-6k5mB2,
# Three Days Grace - I Am Machine [Lyrics] [HD],
https://youtu.be/NmIBSeFhnfc?si=AxX3FUDdIihp0Ftw,
# Cadmium - No Friends (Lyrics) ft. Rosendale,
https://youtu.be/FfAjtZgLkPQ?si=b6-GxBar9zCL7afw,
# Lilianna Wilde - Grind Me Down (Lyrics/ Lyric Video/ Letra) /Jawster Remix/,
https://youtu.be/5wDyvoTSHlE?si=mov9IlXREGouLxaj,
# Unlike Pluto - Everything Black (feat. Mike Taylor) [Official Lyric Video],
https://youtu.be/mWKDZRJWdF4?si=NVGuUkv10lpD-Gjs,
# AViVA - GRRRLS (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/nF3dKA9CCQE?si=QD0TP3nLdVyf9T6R,
# ECHO feat. Gumi [ dj-Jo Remix ],
https://youtu.be/8SeBRaZ1oQk?si=HEQUGdCg_8HDDt_Y,
# Unlike Pluto - Worst In Me [Official Lyric Video],
https://youtu.be/B75TuX2pEy8?si=RpHc8dpWQIEMjbyS,
# Control - Halsey (Lyrics) üéµ,
https://youtu.be/QpL8P8cEXxA?si=fN8JLWgTjPORlkUr,
# Get Scared Sarcasm Lyric Video Official,
https://youtu.be/8ahN0f0r9JQ?si=wKbm1T100vD0GBpV,
# Broken,
https://youtu.be/UjxtjE7soAA?si=K9eyk_v1qAR_TCst,
# Spooky,
https://youtu.be/wQBSizPqfhA?si=XDY3T7shUCAhdw8L,
# you won't do shit,
https://youtu.be/EROvwXqYGKY?si=7gCMYzqOgpWJgQVl,
# Sarcoma,
https://youtu.be/rDO4cPmjMJ0?si=KWNsQ-EimFvTg-Gl,
# Hollywood Undead - Ghost Out (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/lHX-7MvmoDg?si=UbnP9KRbF_mAVsIQ,
# Dark On Me-Starset Lyrics HD,
https://youtu.be/r-kCm6gpu2A?si=gOjybaRM8C1FCuvj,
# Starset - Let it die (lyrics video),
https://youtu.be/Fk9WrVMCpOE?si=X7uwV8LW1FLcXPM8,
# Starset - Frequency (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/vA8-GGqwSDs?si=T2jhd3BSZV-ZZe8N,
# In the Mood,
https://youtu.be/ckxmPRVnwMM?si=puR8rjlI0a_Rwa58,
# birocratic - matlack | [chill hip-hop beat],
https://youtu.be/fT4vrWWk6m0?si=MQ8ttKCj_pidBtWa,
# birocratic - let linger | [instrumental hip-hop],
https://youtu.be/_zUHiXcMbSw?si=AkLK6lLbV0OVGRoH,
# birocratic - may | chill hip-hop beat,
https://youtu.be/9HrxWoTN-70?si=shclQGhQD6qSgkxW,
# Tony's Belated Breakfast,
https://youtu.be/QnpqF4VsPZk?si=Wv9O8CyJms5z9hhI,
# Birocratic - Bob Ross Goes to Hollywood,
https://youtu.be/6aaTd-S-fdE?si=C17dO22ghADjtIPh,
# birocratic - sleepyface,
https://youtu.be/7QWlmDj3Dlo?si=KMTCO1RqhYKUABng,
# Hollywood Undead - Unholy (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/6Y9QoyZ47Dc?si=TO-mQ6mvtmetFKoT,
# Addict,
https://youtu.be/i3wAwSkCYFY?si=HU5k-Uho6HC-82_O,
# 505,
https://youtu.be/qU9mHegkTc4?si=WeMovWHkx8QniCO7,
# Arctic Monkeys - Do I Wanna Know? (Official Video),
https://youtu.be/bpOSxM0rNPM?si=o8T1C5AZycpbwrP9,
# Old Yellow Bricks,
https://youtu.be/NgLWF2XJyKA?si=z8X7kdOFKmEOe6y0,
# Arctic Monkeys - Brianstorm,
https://youtu.be/uR3bNrIg9eE?si=tL1FJ1sZf3Gbys1c,
# Arctic Monkeys - Stop The World I Wanna Get Off With You (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/3PyoxMSEHYI?si=OEPrS8CR3C5XIVj8,
# Star Wars- The Imperial March (Darth Vader's Theme),
https://youtu.be/-bzWSJG93P8?si=A7OcfAQjPRXLyXho,
# birocratic - la √∫nica,
https://youtu.be/HApW4D909Dk?si=HCYlXzQF1UXZz4oa,
# birocratic - tubshop,
https://youtu.be/OBetNMj13tg?si=6a8RwVkHWIrg5Y1h,
# birocratic - solarplex | [instrumental hip-hop],
https://youtu.be/C_q-Jg-SVPY?si=VJBaH9zinYj0Cnzq,
# Corporate Japan,
https://youtu.be/IYblprTpMlI?si=9bqdBIlTirjYiWvV,
# Theme from Dissect S8,
https://youtu.be/0q16DpOE2TY?si=5SrSkuv8f-05ddT0,
# Lovely Rita,
https://youtu.be/s0gJq8_aw20?si=ieliyCBNEfUVLAs7,
# Echo (feat. Crusher-P),
https://youtu.be/IBtytCBNJW4?si=v8m0Sa4WdYiZ3v-H,
# MISSIO - Animal (Audio),
https://youtu.be/qa_t0EL1-Gg?si=FZqdlpBH2dArkBSQ,
# MISSIO - I Don't Even Care About You (Audio) ,
https://youtu.be/tgbYZG67UaU?si=TpGuHzlhacTwP3qq,
# Two Feet - Go F*ck Yourself (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/LTxHQTvYdbU?si=ym35R8S6X36wPg-p,
# Jeff Kaale - Static [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/bLuaiWpejQs?si=ookSttliC8kWIz0B,
# The Weeknd - Blinding Lights (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/fHI8X4OXluQ?si=cDehbsstaIuZ5gBf,
# Tokyo Machine - ROCK IT [Monstercat Release],
https://youtu.be/NFB6Y2Qt8ag?si=37H56jbNupv4KiRk,
# Tristam - Bone Dry [Monstercat Release],
https://youtu.be/Xm8UTv6LSf0?si=aDOAE3zrbMeUTfIj,
# Angel Wings (feat. Avianna Acid),
https://youtu.be/rHHs2OLZKtM?si=kfJX39BkxZ85T1OC,
# Ellis - The Taste [Monstercat Release],
https://youtu.be/Wk92_WQUuUc?si=Hb3n_M8NziR-0QlO,
# Infected Mushroom - Walking On The Moon (Bad Computer Remix) [Monstercat Release] ,
https://youtu.be/Qy9pkQH0FaY?si=4iTFBcSz9I_aGkiA,
# Veorra - Set Free,
https://youtu.be/1rf9rGqqKuw?si=dI2UUazDsg7WDtm_,
# Hollywood Undead - No.5 [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/v-4WdmyTB6E?si=agdyw1TMC7C-BoXK,
# Neovaii - No One Has to Know,
https://youtu.be/9bzTIYUDaME?si=EWkiQB28_79wqYD0,
# Neovaii - Easily,
https://youtu.be/YaJFUMtPrn0?si=paZifjIUhPrVTRh_,
# Neovaii - Your Eyes,
https://youtu.be/7bD_r5u3znQ?si=DvAYoa5BoYiXcoez,
# Neovaii - Float Away,
https://youtu.be/cmM_K4akTLQ?si=je-2R6Ocp0rhibp8,
# Neovaii - Heart Shaped Box ,
https://youtu.be/ukzOgoLjHLk?si=jU7VzhqEYims-qn5,
# 8 Graves - Numb,
https://youtu.be/AfY4VCJNwSY?si=jOw6NNxH8njGZWKX,
# 8 Graves - Beast,
https://youtu.be/doKha3DtzyY?si=AYJuFjA-zzJlkCXq,
# 8 Graves - Burning Alive,
https://youtu.be/00mAlg1qylc?si=FFnJXAvP22cKuRT6,
# 8 Graves - Cold World,
https://youtu.be/qseobtp6jF8?si=ViP_OoEzPltiRnLk,
# LAKEY INSPIRED - Better Days,
https://youtu.be/RXLzvo6kvVQ?si=e2FRsx_YSniHxGzI,
# PlayaPhonk - PHONKY TOWN (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/yJHi_Mii4lY?si=vDKyqQLbYP6uooDj,
# Inova - Disowned,
https://youtu.be/YMFxCHiBo10?si=8VrmVcYDtTFWTmKt,
# yung lixo - tomodachi ft. SHO-SENSEI!! [prod biffe] (official video),
https://youtu.be/0Ey3AWqAem4?si=9RlsHFCtBb1xcnRp,
# yung lixo - da vinci code ft. biffe [prod biffe] (official visualizer),
https://youtu.be/L6Dx9ZcgiDc?si=t71bx9l1zloIy9uk,
# Olivia Rodrigo - good 4 u (Lyrics) ,
https://youtu.be/tmIO0eSAXrw?si=In7dK34_Ud2Md6oT,
# Eminem - Venom(Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/qtLXOKC1SHE?si=XXZkGFJRIH6zXjec,
# birocratic - lullaby of the sea,
https://youtu.be/hAmZJ1dycZo?si=_1PPe8nljvpF-McK,
# Zavodila - Friday Night Funkin': Mid-Fight Masses OST,
https://youtu.be/e7nIQ1yoCCc?si=r2l28YpcvBXkDLeE,
# Casanova - Friday Night Funkin': Selever Mod OST,
https://youtu.be/AS3k41vOYF0?si=FscKUPWn179LCe6Q,
# Friday Night Fever - Crucify (Metal Cover by Anjer) ,
https://youtu.be/e5vxhtbu3MM?si=MjXybf7ZeWkO0yz4,
# Friday night funkin Hazy river OST - Nerves,
https://youtu.be/2rOi1fy954E?si=O7zbcDLfk5CabdwJ,
# HEADACHE/ garcello mod OST,
https://youtu.be/TdjD6YCPqJk?si=4S-9_8eFEknWRXiw,
# Bezos I,
https://youtu.be/7_EeCkHs-e0?si=rex8QyrVbdjxJQez,
# my war (Attack on Titan but is it okay if it's lofi?),
https://youtu.be/oCXIEfHR1Qk?si=A9uhHQZhbdD76dgN,
# A.G.O.T.I.,
https://youtu.be/HOhprgTA7L8?si=_l4gMdE27-8zhRVp,
# Kong,
https://youtu.be/pkACVyU4PmA?si=eQx1QrHaYVhooG06,
# Tombes Oubli√©es,
https://youtu.be/yc_HG9xAZJ4?si=8Vh_RQuV2UHmXKCl,
# Inova - Haunted,
https://youtu.be/4zOXKuzsphY?si=8OgnzXnNFQJGti_L,
# Inova - One Taste,
https://youtu.be/G4MxSa0GUvY?si=Si1zd5dcor6dXoiQ,
# Inova - Immortal,
https://youtu.be/iDWjlEYidNk?si=cGmDx99-KO74K92J,
# Inova - Farewell,
https://youtu.be/VUbdylSJadA?si=xVo5jb4hpa4DhxUM,
# Inova - Enraged,
https://youtu.be/uVsVxgNR4gg?si=g8k1FYubbeGRUyea,
# DARE,
https://youtu.be/rIq6i4-8Nww?si=gdBFI3N68wsgHOhw,
# Gorillaz - The Valley of The Pagans ft. Beck (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/8k0Gyp366Ng?si=YbHcIFgHA1KI74H0,
# yung lixo - salafr√°ria ft. D$ Luqi [prod biffe] (official visualizer),
https://youtu.be/l4h1u1gQStE?si=kvbTrhhqSD2zF2VN,
# yung lixo - danny phantom ft. biffe [prod biffe] (official video),
https://youtu.be/_iXK0fL8f2g?si=aUHhM4s-kHzpWFi-,
# yung lixo - baile de  q u a r e n t e n a,
https://youtu.be/-TP3vBHOpUA?si=RcSO5nccb8VssLQm,
# Eminem - Without Me (Audio),
https://youtu.be/pyb13N80DZQ?si=wvtO6qRVAqJ5l9Hc,
# MGMT - Little Dark Age (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/BoatSoGva_I?si=YAdKSSlHQ6VJrTmV,
# Unknown Brain - DEAD (ft. KAZHI) (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/TIT8w0O-Cpo?si=U39Wp4mfNx6KTvUE,
# Jaymes Young - Infinity [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/PWqEPKduGm8?si=WGW62pz-uTinWKJ9,
# Bang Bang ,
https://youtu.be/rbRSYYPSjWc?si=F_OSZ0hpCptSgkPX,
# Timeflies - Undress Rehearsal (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/jPQ2TD7DK1w?si=L_M_nzRbiA4WjPyB,
# The Score - Alarm (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/eQhbeUq_NOo?si=9hIrDDH8lEUxyy8B,
# F.O.O.L & Power Glove - Mercenary (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/6SoiA4eIT_M?si=mx_fy1DQdeOpL91n,
# Heldeus - Harakiri (Original Mix),
https://youtu.be/m3uJastt8N4?si=RxxctCOKOpyR-5mu,
# Veorra - Run,
https://youtu.be/-5thY1NO5-w?si=Borfw3D3hqWgfBCz,
# Domastic - Weird Dream | Future House | NCS - Copyright Free Music,
https://youtu.be/w9WwDddpHrg?si=BFt4OVv5DW9RwQ-A,
# GHOST DATA - Full Bodied (feat. AL!CE),
https://youtu.be/Y0VfxCnP6_o?si=yXVNlXe4nCdtlKiW,
# Beach House - Space Song,
https://youtu.be/RBtlPT23PTM?si=ByrBuWyxUtD1lNkr,
# Mother Mother - Hayloft,
https://youtu.be/8LvAiJYKoSM?si=efV-U12cZeElkplU,
# A$AP Rocky - Praise The Lord (Da Shine) (Official Audio) ft. Skepta,
https://youtu.be/_eDpH4hMW1o?si=4qRBB85Nde55IrzT,
# EVERYDAY ANYONE,
https://youtu.be/pu2Q3b5JJsY?si=oD0j3LFVdsfbpOoD,
# Enemy (from the series Arcane League of Legends),
https://youtu.be/IOrbP1OqNsg?si=o95Q67kATJjqEOvE,
# Nirvana - Something In The Way (Audio),
https://youtu.be/4VxdufqB9zg?si=3sicN16qavi-H-nF,
# Wolf River,
https://youtu.be/q5_K2ELwl_w?si=TjSA9cqOwnTnOypO,
# XXXTENTACION - Revenge (Audio),
https://youtu.be/CD_tD26E7k0?si=uk6UFBb0nE2V80Jr,
# SAINt JHN - "Roses" Imanbek Remix (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/ele2DMU49Jk?si=OTft2zFq-rlx4mB6,
# Wow. (Instrumental),
https://youtu.be/4jArvf14WvE?si=BMaN43axrYvYBmvW,
# Stan,
https://youtu.be/7u1Jj6aRIec?si=btNcxzXwq69xZABH,
# Eminem - Lose Yourself,
https://youtu.be/xFYQQPAOz7Y?si=0yFXf2l54BOVsyqT,
# Eminem - Rap God (Explicit),
https://youtu.be/XbGs_qK2PQA?si=il5HTRJOkw6OhyOT,
# Lund - Downhill,
https://youtu.be/JDfG-THrZeY?si=lehtzMtxt224XU6j,
# Grim,
https://youtu.be/tajQwMVpxow?si=lfWIZMXr9ViXNDhZ,
# prolly my spookiest beat,
https://youtu.be/T9DgkCZoec8?si=0iHhM_AchCnxCIVC,
# Devotion,
https://youtu.be/Vx64DLqahGs?si=m6XrRVkI-LN-WDJ-,
# Keraunos,
https://youtu.be/Z8INzXR0J_8?si=QlCXX6KC-FWsfvgV,
# PlayaPhonk - IMMORTAL,
https://youtu.be/BKSSQl5lAtA?si=jnSAI3F_vSh64uwj,
# Chukou,
https://youtu.be/51OYAQmHk6M?si=aM-SMMLIyncFwPuu,
# siouxxie - masquerade,
https://youtu.be/yVIqSQ5ruVg?si=Xup-038l29_j--xN,
# KORDHELL - MURDER IN MY MIND,
https://youtu.be/w-sQRS-Lc9k?si=Vtd4WhaBlMS5-mbJ,
# Hurts Like Hell - Audio,
https://youtu.be/Uil0L-0F4no?si=0J65UBIkZe2_52KT,
# Noro - DEEP END (Official Video),
https://youtu.be/sUMFwnUGZ3I?si=dPaAVCUY7oFSgt0N,
# Sub Urban - Cradles (Lyrics) ,
https://youtu.be/OE140zsQ08I?si=Z7MEvQD2mPhoeweF,
# Danell Arma - FALLING DOWN,
https://youtu.be/5iHwC7vk1ZM?si=j75dBqClEaW7vSkB,
# XO Tour Llif3 (Instrumental),
https://youtu.be/jXQXn-kZ_jE?si=YUD-xKU9MUSYJKtb,
# Disturbed - Indestructible [Official Music Video],
https://youtu.be/aWxBrI0g1kE?si=IVPdNDJNCI3qWaZZ,
# LUCKHAOS - Amor Hospitalar (Clipe Oficial),
https://youtu.be/fslvoeqiGZg?si=F5WXT8cy1kpaZEnZ,
# Villain - Eclipse (TikTok Remix),
https://youtu.be/OeQ1jUFskOg?si=ftg2-Z-RkJGN1_WD,
# Panic! At The Disco - House of Memories (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/KuliCkN2oic?si=7HhsJOJ5rySm24y0,
# Daft Punk - Get Lucky (Radio Edit) [feat. Pharrell Williams] [Official],
https://youtu.be/M7VTByl6WqA?si=skAmE9WItOpGHda9,
# Darci - On My Own (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/2KVS-MYD3Fk?si=OXF4GoEGtWjGRLll,
# MTSG - The Brits are coming (Prod. by Grayto),
https://youtu.be/z_YMqcLmsq0?si=p667gz85s2bblbz9,
# Master of Puppets (Remastered),
https://youtu.be/E0ozmU9cJDg?si=a_DOFxpw5ymDfAKO,
# Street Corner Renaissance - Life Could Be A Dream,
https://youtu.be/n-miJQUD9l4?si=mn5nQ6R4I7z0d7cu,
# Had to Do It,
https://youtu.be/sVvtdV76axM?si=kMS0Q2TXwdijH8vU,
# Industry Baby VS Beat It [Tik Tok Versions Remix],
https://youtu.be/EriaZdL818M?si=4J5FhvwDXIwNo-yB,
# Gorillaz - Rhinestone Eyes (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/7GdsftXc0yU?si=goGeLgyWKohdy-W3,
# Hit The Road Jack,
https://youtu.be/_t4Hw7BGMjQ?si=tsFbDbuoCPualx_a,
# Deftones - Diamond Eyes [Official Lyric Video],
https://youtu.be/gRlHBTYKyVg?si=fp1VFX2LP94wk-wx,
# Will Smith - Arabian Nights (2019) (From "Aladdin"/Audio Only),
https://youtu.be/T9GmO_WFhjQ?si=smTh_E1UyaXtnaIj,
# deftones - Beauty School,
https://youtu.be/uJcFlQajrMI?si=5v95XWRoPxLHbmiV,
# Imagine Dragons - Sharks (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/V-wCqCNJ6_Y?si=Qr-3IwCxXbdhBGug,
# Flo Rida - Right Round (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/EI-4f3yUq5U?si=BpPmnsyrzAaFDlDH,
# Marina And The Diamonds - Immortal (Audio),
https://youtu.be/9R7hZ7VOJ58?si=4BtyckhCmR7_bTFO,
# VANO 3000 - Running Away [adult swim],
https://youtu.be/WdPiOizr4eI?si=_Rg5K_Syxdy4Aa9t,
# love,
https://youtu.be/g9Gwev1oEHw?si=YlvJ3MHnWCw-nTW5,
# DVRST - Close Eyes (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/4UIFRUS0YYY?si=wcjNny1AW85s3y55,
# WEEDMANE x Suicideyear "SUICIDE YEAR",
https://youtu.be/WHj7WPeooCo?si=9i7-Z5RJv8u2bVcb,
# Heartbreaker (Remastered),
https://youtu.be/fd_7jIC9180?si=WFwAl-tKZ8hjJdsS,
# hotel crazyness...,
https://youtu.be/QNG9gSJKbAo?si=Er5eWzLaTvAFq4sJ,
# Gorillaz - Cracker Island ft. Thundercat (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/24tFMeloa18?si=39DY73QwNg4cJTfZ,
# Bloom,
https://youtu.be/OFP3lEHOpA8?si=jkHrZ0MeAklRAzFU,
# Ingleside,
https://youtu.be/FBDJN9mfI1A?si=qlnebs2pmhNSMxzm,
# Smoking at Midnight,
https://youtu.be/hSwxEfzEGiI?si=VX_AyZFHeK3AZRgS,
# let me hold you (feat. Insowmya),
https://youtu.be/zsXZC7oZ5qc?si=smnUv3RD1hOSLxXv,
# hand of god,
https://youtu.be/dKEm_TSx0I0?si=t3P48qZXGZntEV2Q,
# Sheets,
https://youtu.be/IMA8WdsiKPQ?si=w-zaK9CEGcfNfRL_,
# The Match,
https://youtu.be/9EiE0BfmXrQ?si=amRRNx1YauhKhKQZ,
# forever,
https://youtu.be/gYykMx3dS3I?si=KxqZO3xk_xbxyo1S,
# Loveyou,
https://youtu.be/NTDr8mziy4M?si=CPt_OD4G42WUIl5Q,
# Getover,
https://youtu.be/3K3rjRWQIlY?si=v5UUcj_8PcF-7gRE,
# Wanted,
https://youtu.be/qJsrcNXnE2I?si=SZdc3okb-AY4vrer,
# Tomppabeats - The Girl Next Door (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/0l1AxQUbqd0?si=1HMnH_L7ctJkCG-v,
# Far Away,
https://youtu.be/IPaYtgFXSLY?si=G4V49X_HHbAVKYjD,
# Emotional Crank,
https://youtu.be/pn7C3DxwFnQ?si=Uc0Y3Z07vvbZJ9eC,
# Beautiful Love,
https://youtu.be/tXj5hiGmPTQ?si=0IvWy35HVaD9dO0H,
# Won't Leave You,
https://youtu.be/m6yhGhINwc4?si=BiQMyQiFkvPoJtgA,
# Woolen Mittens,
https://youtu.be/tVif3Z_lFkM?si=IVXPhuEaRlxX4tYZ,
# Like Someone in Love,
https://youtu.be/GUurlQ9kqSc?si=4CVwBsQtmyR7taLi,
# 8 Graves x AViVA - OK,
https://youtu.be/AwkF2gNHSrE?si=tzRr6ukqRC5NYZhg,
# lost in paradise (Jujutsu Kaisen but is it okay if it's lofi hiphop?),
https://youtu.be/FTWjo6lRLqo?si=j7vlv-AnqvqgqBjH,
# INDUSTRY BABY,
https://youtu.be/eg-AwKRUFec?si=pWW21wG3L0rM2rMP,
# Lullaby for the Dead,
https://youtu.be/oIJjQxpyYRw?si=FPCauLcQJEZGs7ML,
# Hayloft - Crypto ft. Jake Daniels (Visualiser),
https://youtu.be/CQ1dBHQ3n2I?si=dxviZkDXpQC_Ar_l,
# Post Malone - Paranoid (beerbongs & bentleys) | Official Audio,
https://youtu.be/r6ttyK890lM?si=bekNMQX1NaSA5E4Y,
# COTIS - Phone Light Up (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/GnCfbR8FJ8U?si=mmGIU2Tx2CEUBQRr,
# Ryan Caraveo - Ghost (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/z1lCqmiN-NI?si=mv9XJ_D-OSWyJ4fC,
# ABBA Lay All Your Love On Me,
https://youtu.be/2seCB54Bv-c?si=Pj8ImeX5p-v2F5TS,
# Lights (Sped Up Version),
https://youtu.be/ItBOHxAOgYc?si=8xYFSuv7QBOu-eIE,
# Ellie Goulding - Lights (Lyrics) ,
https://youtu.be/V9RbUwvqc2U?si=5tYns6v_Z7YKFHC6,
# Tokyo Drift mix,
https://youtu.be/VjkRKXQaFiE?si=oQ5quFG0uZCfamUq,
# Post Malone - rockstar (Lyrics) ft. 21 Savage,
https://youtu.be/LLKbtcwS6Ys?si=DLd8JwyuIBUXp5jG,
# Burning Man,
https://youtu.be/PPOuE7ogpCA?si=N-7LsjFtYU6QRbIa,
# Gianni & Kyle - Tension [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/XlNqS0GpyEA?si=EzmunHTco3_IOLkh,
# Hopsin - Ill Mind Of Hopsin 9 - Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/jMOaKT-HiFk?si=xisZGgBqhVigsZkP,
# Melancholy,
https://youtu.be/oDCYvkJPxqM?si=gisMCTPo7Iroo6uV,
# Don't Know How to Stop,
https://youtu.be/UzLuGZ1i-aU?si=7hVjhf9OsoHxNjVK,
# Telephunken - WEST COAST, EAST COAST,
https://youtu.be/vjvsJzgb1cg?si=hyvHIjaRjiK--KIK,
# if god didnt want us to snort worms he wouldn't have made them cylindrical!,
https://youtu.be/46i3LbIbbhI?si=5U1aFPX-jwAHZ2c3,
# METAMORPHOSIS (Sped Up) ,
https://youtu.be/mIoMDzsUZCY?si=AXec3FaXbX_SkOtZ,
# INTERWORLD - METAMORPHOSIS,
https://youtu.be/NS9z2QHcZdY?si=wdiULdr_cjXlrXhu,
# Tokyo Night,
https://youtu.be/RNy-qL7dHDg?si=rnhUIEGutzd1IzeJ,
# Yvetzal - Havoc,
https://youtu.be/GIs-7KaWzLo?si=R-bIHubqrgbn0_tx,
# METAMORPHOSIS (Slowed + Reverb),
https://youtu.be/Kii1mdfiX3Y?si=K4Yjq-HzflZYo-f7,
# GRITS - Ooh Ahh (My Life Be Like) (feat. tobyMac) OFFICIAL AUDIO,
https://youtu.be/83mhHOytg4U?si=KYlNko9cqSTamGkS,
# PaceWon & Mr. Green - Number Won (feat. Malik B),
https://youtu.be/e_l9BDtjyNk?si=dmnb6HsS7bQM-FOR,
# Ivan B - Sweaters,
https://youtu.be/13-XSrgFl-Q?si=v-uRasCxdQVNQzrD,
# Flo Rida - My House (Official Audio) ,
https://youtu.be/TuxMwALL_S4?si=G1pkdvHthQlwJlRG,
# The Bomb,
https://youtu.be/uYJYeYcm27E?si=zEO3FqeCg6SmXGUy,
# Glitz At The Ritz,
https://youtu.be/YnBzCuPYe0A?si=6Dkr26Ao-YvvBBWY,
# Blue (Da Ba Dee),
https://youtu.be/B9e623M06xM?si=0kLWvc8ZNGPy8Px2,
# Gangsta's Paradise,
https://youtu.be/Tw0_qHNRAEA?si=1Vxx3Uwh3mAG1Ycs,
# Bill Withers  - Just The Two Of Us (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/VoEsEC2CLgE?si=Ho3DIpIvnj9csHD5,
# SoulChef - Write This Down (Feat. Nieve),
https://youtu.be/sLWpTooEttI?si=uPRwIFJC3RiKaLDO,
# Future - Mask Off (Lyrics / Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/fjUGC8g4GOE?si=fqRpXia617BYDZ-Q,
# Beat It,
https://youtu.be/WlTlUseVt7E?si=AaXp0Gkn8BDpOD_l,
# Billie Jean,
https://youtu.be/7CTJcHjkq0E?si=LobRTr-RRU3j9wjk,
# Aerosmith - Dream On (Audio),
https://youtu.be/89dGC8de0CA?si=-QyynEMJYKrcVHyT,
# The Living Tombstone - It's Been So Long,
https://youtu.be/f2bV87F9zrM?si=r8DCW1Mn3i9FnHFf,
# Robin Schulz - Sugar (Lyrics) feat. Francesco Yates,
https://youtu.be/AY0W3bGGC1o?si=9YL5_PGz3Pi61QQM,
# Sugar (Ibiza Mix Edit),
https://youtu.be/VM0jDukOdBQ?si=l91pA4sjMeiLcJ0G,
# Dxrk „ÉÄ„Éº„ÇØ - RAVE (Official Audio) ,
https://youtu.be/PTZgxW_3LIQ?si=abkjw_9uKVN1pWWt,
# RAVE (Slowed),
https://youtu.be/RKmfq0fDe6s?si=ovv2HnHaBGvwUvob,
# DO OR DIE,
https://youtu.be/1r3fxavbkgE?si=r_0wRhe0Mn7C6ok6,
# Dxrk „ÉÄ„Éº„ÇØ - AIRCRAFT (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/S-aB1Yl5gmI?si=srIt4HmMgPne44Gr,
# Phonk Web,
https://youtu.be/kyZlKcI86bs?si=iz5aIS2aDfIgoVWW,
# Mr.Kitty - After Dark ,
https://youtu.be/sVx1mJDeUjY?si=iMTBWY0xMiHwBW_4,
# Ghostface Playa - Why Not,
https://youtu.be/Hh5jEQraXaw?si=QT5r-0EpNUY7V8R5,
# Ghostface Playa - Why Not (Slowed + Reverb),
https://youtu.be/Cq5bcIUQF5c?si=EgfiPkYkGofrHWyO,
# SHANGUY - King Of The Jungle (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/UtagUSECwOw?si=tnAw2qrOWgOneOrJ,
# TWISTED, Oliver Tree - WORTH NOTHING (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/niub__8GqP4?si=Suu_ZvhiewQFxHCp,
# Solence - Animal In Me (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/hwy0636eYsA?si=JUwLMjxLvq_SpPKU,
# Solence - Death Do Us Part (with lyrics) (2019),
https://youtu.be/l6lMaLICivo?si=vMSN8GqjLYYHpOs-,
# The Black Eyed Peas - Let's Get It Started,
https://youtu.be/IKqV7DB8Iwg?si=QGt0_tlrWatj1r2d,
# PHOENIX - LEAGUE OF LEGENDS (Metal cover by SOLENCE),
https://youtu.be/y0LSa8ULb8s?si=zoTOk7CEThIUyCGo,
# IMMORTALS - FALL OUT BOY (Metal cover by Solence),
https://youtu.be/IjiYliFL3es?si=V_RznYC3yywD_1Z0,
# Pague pra Entrar Reze pra Sair,
https://youtu.be/o_Q8oyheR4Y?si=oeorxCyrRtD19fTR,
# Basics In behavior feat. or3o (blue Version),
https://youtu.be/Ox_I1yEPPQc?si=6ie7bph_2X4z5GOu,
# The Living Tombstone - Basics in Behavior [Red Version] (feat. Or3o),
https://youtu.be/Me3_gSDpoXg?si=JSPZROOScuVOcCrv,
# „ÄêÂàùÈü≥„Éü„ÇØ„Äë„ÄÄ„Éà„Ç•„Éº„É´„ÄÄ„Äê„Ç™„É™„Ç∏„Éä„É´„Äë,
https://youtu.be/7pirFsqx9H8?si=Rnhlss6IDLQGFR92,
# Jake Daniels - Two Face Dark Version (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/aGx0T9kPr9M?si=Gq3ypDNWxAE5MyxF,
# Griffinilla - Below The Surface (Lyrics Video),
https://youtu.be/g2XfjQM0rpY?si=rMOgV6v-d8ArwEAZ,
# Two Face,
https://youtu.be/uHX8iaDMQMM?si=4w1IZqY4OlumuntB,
# Tears For Fears - Everybody Wants To Rule The World (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/tSBWmxwT8So?si=iPSMmJ9mfn-BTUjR,
# BLOODY STREAM,
https://youtu.be/hmpJqJLsR48?si=ovBH6YxBDvo-72Ec,
# Don Toliver - After Party [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/GqCiSYVexPE?si=hI9CdScLWj4nPaLf,
# fukashigi no carte (Bunny Girl Senpai lofi) ,
https://youtu.be/njm4AMeWys8?si=QKNFWh9-ASA4JtcB,
# Cyanide,
https://youtu.be/2xeBMGNSi04?si=fnxL7zijcSECGUmW,
# NORTH SIDE BOND,
https://youtu.be/lXgbXp4CDUU?si=uM-z-_ryU4LzP5KY,
# Dxrk „ÉÄ„Éº„ÇØ - CAUTION (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/fSaNCZRQR7g?si=-wscncablPvyHveJ,
# Dxrk „ÉÄ„Éº„ÇØ - TRESPASS,
https://youtu.be/vlCKV6pHPhE?si=Cgi3JoGjNbTlSm5S,
# Lxght „É©„Ç§„Éà x Dxrk „ÉÄ„Éº„ÇØ - EMPHASIS,
https://youtu.be/7Iw7t-k-ZXI?si=ETu_IUB4I1y6oskY,
# HEAVEN,
https://youtu.be/3JAvcyhoU-U?si=HdBR88DxqoPcjh-2,
# Dxrk „Çø„Çô„Éº„ÇØx Ghostface Playa - BUSTAS (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/xOZNkrGL49g?si=1V43EiDZJiHLwy_x,
# Dxrk „ÉÄ„Éº„ÇØ - terrorwave,
https://youtu.be/VDYPL9Oj4eA?si=eojvyb5CK_GHZIeS,
# Dxrk „ÉÄ„Éº„ÇØ - BONES (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/5LACYrvV6uU?si=GjzGWe40XSlPoY8w,
# JNATHYN - Dioma (Demo),
https://youtu.be/Yb6S3eBq6GU?si=FkxUYEtfo6XamMRh,
# Beat Mbappe, Paquet√° & Ronaldinho,
https://youtu.be/89IJrHz06TY?si=B-86FPIxLWI-kRdv,
# Hit the Road Jack,
https://youtu.be/SrnWp5O0DEs?si=i3_wkDwZ-Pqd1iZk,
# A$AP Rocky - Everyday (Official Audio) ft. Rod Stewart, Miguel, Mark Ronson,
https://youtu.be/UtZBA1bVbcs?si=8VpeP-XVrrejUrVR,
# The Rare Occasions - Notion,
https://youtu.be/Co7t6NxsW-4?si=8wjofGM8MMh1i7Vf,
# Dyro x Conro - Memory Bank,
https://youtu.be/K_xWPWBpvJ4?si=gvVm1_IWH4SoX9lB,
# JNATHYN - Rise (Official),
https://youtu.be/npGyv1m6nLU?si=Iq-wvZfJGmZuOmto,
# Kaligraph E - Risenshine,
https://youtu.be/RKvGzCEamzM?si=aM6XqCktPoWPp8yc,
# Mr forgettable,
https://youtu.be/Z2qupsguByk?si=O5EhajUn_SvUERE3,
# Sam Smith - Unholy ft. Kim Petras ,
https://youtu.be/_fbq8RaKlxI?si=kaFz-aqg04VvyDWX,
# Money Rain Phonk Remix,
https://youtu.be/qMjP-I2haOU?si=5e-xiy5nEeeJ6-7o,
# Stricken - Disturbed [HQ],
https://youtu.be/MsTXcJGeYEg?si=R2HTUSjFWa2itlkm,
# Disturbed - Divisive [Official Lyric Video],
https://youtu.be/ckcZhbmhgmM?si=Bghl8PYYf3FbGyRx,
# Disturbed - Feeding the Fire [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/omZD2lY0tYs?si=bYzidQQIxlcgTrKg,
# Disturbed - Bad Man [Official Music Video],
https://youtu.be/fpUpVznI4Yc?si=9M0QzT2bB3x5N7QU,
# Disturbed - Remember [Official Music Video],
https://youtu.be/OaptZgTDWEg?si=z6uIbT8uYEfgr60Q,
# Disturbed - The Animal [Official Music Video],
https://youtu.be/dwxUgefMStM?si=Sw2II78tdfTbP3UD,
# Crucified // Army of Lovers,
https://youtu.be/HqT0CVDK5X4?si=QMaYm3Q2efoV7qEZ,
# Miki Matsubara - Stay With Me (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/xrOEMHsCtPE?si=aAoxPgm9I2viPNoC,
# Better Call Saul angelodoesstuff Remix,
https://youtu.be/nM41wr9FhIk?si=TSJUTyG-emKUPncV,
# Aint Da Homie No More,
https://youtu.be/Ev5vp5ZA5tQ?si=bAplJsJ-CXrC-4Bm,
# Yes, the Music Is a Feeling,
https://youtu.be/asM0ulkuB2I?si=BvakX-eJOnZhg-Ct,
# Who's Ready for Tomorrow ,
https://youtu.be/JVTS3fyoAEQ?si=5-LP01eWCrgmeMmz,
# PLAYAMANE x Nateki - MIDNIGHT,
https://youtu.be/iBv6kB7WxYg?si=Jbpfxi_N7NM1I1mi,
# Elevator,
https://youtu.be/HZ4bgoPGzG8?si=g72l3tinDUJlMp30,
# Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 - zombie Tranzit  "Lovesong for a Deadman",
https://youtu.be/BNb07lvFqT8?si=Aq-aSPalXQ3Pa9iP,
# Call Me (Slowed),
https://youtu.be/1aAY7EI3u8c?si=R1EG0Rhf4ST67um4,
# Fall Out Boy - I Don't Care,
https://youtu.be/GVKRqIDS3WY?si=LU6cxD2fHd3dKnLf,
# Snitches And Talkers Get Stitches And Walkers,
https://youtu.be/paZRnT7I9Vo?si=ErsGjJkdlaA24jIN,
# Mindless Self Indulgence - This Hurts (from Pink),
https://youtu.be/dN-p8wmRkfg?si=KNmRaxqBYo_EW0TS,
# D is for Dangerous,
https://youtu.be/0w6WlfdPSms?si=y0-5NlnJcXa6VCy_,
# frnkiero andthe cellabration - blood infections [audio stream],
https://youtu.be/Yf6K_Akywpo?si=1yD4Mhw64Ncg8kYO,
# Fall Out Boy - Dance, Dance,
https://youtu.be/hCL-xcCFVDM?si=YCVktdtRA4enDsZw,
# I DONT KNOW HOW BUT THEY FOUND ME - Do It All The Time (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/nv9oqihEFnI?si=ph6vCd1iQ0-uuufj,
# Voodoo,
https://youtu.be/7OKDp7tfvYA?si=XncywGnYnCh2tzYB,
# Whore,
https://youtu.be/w5DYnqIZ9a0?si=ZXUBDez_20rYoRmJ,
# Mother Mother - Verbatim (Official English Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/Kf_JjqzryG4?si=SrD5Czq2VN2wMRsk,
# Messages from the Stars,
https://youtu.be/LfX6JxfND44?si=CTN_7DReGvE40JH1,
# Mother Mother - Burning Pile (Official English Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/mDHue6yW2iI?si=Ptgd9Y7qcMMwiKvg,
# Tiffany Blews,
https://youtu.be/q4DirqNxjx0?si=gGHuoHsc6s6br3RM,
# Deception (Demo),
https://youtu.be/29-Seomd2oU?si=KQuj_Q6DUqzC1jho,
# Intro - outro,
https://youtu.be/YhwRoFDtWvM?si=7Tos24OCKN8x6idw,
# ID3,
https://youtu.be/PU1WXaHCf6U?si=FRAxv8_RsMqM6KgF,
# Imperial,
https://youtu.be/qGmaaio5aks?si=56kzF0dfCMC7nOm1,
# Fall Out Boy - Uma Thurman (Audio),
https://youtu.be/CBswx7GEARc?si=Od-jWRELqY5atj39,
# Diamond is unbreakable - Main Theme,
https://youtu.be/X6aEiZg7gTE?si=SBZ5ksgmUsxTjRyx,
# il vento d'oro,
https://youtu.be/U0TXIXTzJEY?si=niXXP5CzrLZ6qVNk,
# JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Stone Ocean OST - Jolyne Theme,
https://youtu.be/jOQdO2yHo-4?si=UEuwLqM6dnHjGym1,
# Shinedown - Cut the cord,
https://youtu.be/TFgpEotHaas?si=x2wxm5oszx5BP0gd,
# Shinedown -  Sound of Madness,
https://youtu.be/LrBB_jq1hVE?si=kmmaOfX4V-8clLc0,
# Shinedown - 45,
https://youtu.be/LayGV5mMAsk?si=b7PzHL0anEMNEBfT,
# Heroes,
https://youtu.be/i1y5nqWSrZE?si=NIbiHWvHT6crOwV-,
# Shinedown - MONSTERS (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/EzsCb7ZwlQ0?si=AnbFe7J-7vSZmHmB,
# Shinedown - Second Chance (2007),
https://youtu.be/KjNUH05niBA?si=eJxjuWb_dRDCoU_B,
# I Dare You,
https://youtu.be/R5kaDyq41qw?si=OLFKJkoM5q06NE1p,
# Horizon,
https://youtu.be/cuN82OBSD9s?si=w26IY3ZZnrNlhYEA,
# Oliver Heldens - I Was Made For Lovin' You (feat. Nile Rodgers & House Gospel Choir),
https://youtu.be/UIA3UhwTYUc?si=UqqHmaA2Cv5xbEnm,
# Gorillaz - Souk Eye (Visualiser),
https://youtu.be/-B57lnGcMpY?si=ICUb_Zylx_R1Mb4P,
# FILV & Edmofo feat. Emma Peters - Clandestina (JVSTIN Remix) ,
https://youtu.be/rF0mD3Ao3Rs?si=fSJpWVm-JL4ahlI4,
# Phonkha x zecki "SLAUGHTER HOUSE",
https://youtu.be/8zBp1jzHf3Y?si=uEi7vstOz5pq175W,
# „Éû„Ç§„É≥„Éâ„Éñ„É©„É≥„Éâ,
https://youtu.be/YAgdOXlWw4A?si=iQZ426CmQ5PSkk27,
# 1985,
https://youtu.be/2rHRztFGOm8?si=ocp60pJNWyQtmw8c,
# ARMED MAN,
https://youtu.be/GatZo7k3pso?si=Yciin37UW3-jC_SM,
# The Delicious Last Course | Cuphead: The Delicious Last Course,
https://youtu.be/vK3IcfJZhV0?si=UxkFGT6D09Za92Tu,
# M.O.O.N. - 'Crystals' [Hotline Miami Soundtrack],
https://youtu.be/AVblOqZBlJw?si=ljX6xBt8zLeNmpBF,
# M.O.O.N. - 'Hydrogen' [Hotline Miami Soundtrack] ,
https://youtu.be/SNE2oCZH_4k?si=3ZVkq6aTd9BRIhT8,
# M.O.O.N. - 'Paris' [Hotline Miami Soundtrack],
https://youtu.be/8wXRvvGr8Ug?si=JSPVyEdQnAyfPjhC,
# M.O.O.N. - 'Release' [Hotline Miami Soundtrack],
https://youtu.be/ZSzoKL-iO5M?si=LLjEzXpUjp3HAbur,
# Deep Cover ,
https://youtu.be/fWxaPGahQw8?si=7i7PMH6qsn0LVi0k,
# Horse Steppin‚Äô,
https://youtu.be/vXv9cjW9HR0?si=Bf3YTWnncsNg26_D,
# Hotline (Original Mix),
https://youtu.be/eFHtlECedPA?si=tkbFCPWqlaqwwdAV,
# Welcome to the Internet - Bo Burnham (from "Inside" -- ALBUM OUT NOW),
https://youtu.be/k1BneeJTDcU?si=2tQssLvXmvt8IIxn,
# Roundabout (2008 Remaster) ,
https://youtu.be/LuGAWR2eRyQ?si=yO2eoXulmxdBjWN5,
# Shut Me Up,
https://youtu.be/NoyJgR_09Vw?si=niwcnClaAVCwrj8r,
# Daft Punk - Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/yydNF8tuVmU?si=cy6tzTqSC6_-4ktA,
# On Line,
https://youtu.be/_oGTXWh3dzE?si=rTF_Zcl_-FThgNst,
# Pharrell Williams - Freedom (Audio),
https://youtu.be/5Pk_oHxy15M?si=m4xWwJo4mQUtGd2D,
# Gnarls Barkley - Going On,
https://youtu.be/1pZm4LWWpL8?si=vS1km0hNJ_B3SwkW,
# Gone Daddy Gone,
https://youtu.be/RzTm5peeZOs?si=2j6q0Ssty6IpPDT4,
# Gotye - Somebody That I Used To Know (feat. Kimbra) [Official Music Video],
https://youtu.be/8UVNT4wvIGY?si=EyNQaZfUjwB3k_1a,
# Take Me Out,
https://youtu.be/7dfBmjrN5W0?si=drIpOfON0yEDMIpk,
# Smash Mouth - All Star,
https://youtu.be/-_RBJvfoszk?si=Bjk2A5tznwFTUtCy,
# Crazy (Instrumental),
https://youtu.be/rn53IImQbRU?si=Rr-d1_qcH3g-u3N7,
# The Bamboos - On the Sly,
https://youtu.be/vtW_hfamT5I?si=6W_4686B6vu_HH2u,
# Gorillaz - Controllah ft. MC Bin Laden (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/ZvRlusdjMSs?si=86c04c2Lw43vQIaK,
# Thriller,
https://youtu.be/sO4vI8P88NM?si=YVRjAxfBC0EST49Y,
# Faz Mais, Brasil (Remix) - by Timbu Fun - feat. Gil Bala,
https://youtu.be/kv_76Y1nPRY?si=XlVcRg2qOh71I9e5,
# Zvyozdnoe Leto (Geoffrey Day Remix) ,
https://youtu.be/XlAul6spLkA?si=pMF4A0fKVHWPeEif,
# salamander,
https://youtu.be/qBkVXaF5t-s?si=m2H5-1T6j643fx2r,
# S4nri0 - El chavo del phonk,
https://youtu.be/c4fDwlSfVRc?si=GrgW2EamugZnOYi_,
# El Chavo del Ocho,
https://youtu.be/K5zODL3vXQc?si=bSWh-Pe7T2BMdD2d,
# Jack Stauber - Buttercup ,
https://youtu.be/b9mHKXR9Opw?si=P9HVP3GoLzgWHhYM,
# Romance Sengen,
https://youtu.be/gc12lP5FNG0?si=3hcc2ReqN0ASI4dP,
# Soulja Boy - Crank That "Now Watch Me You Crank That Soulja Boy" (Lyrics) | Tiktok Song,
https://youtu.be/NWi4eavotFk?si=oWVKAoUHIc9pNf7f,
# Bing Chilling „Å´ÈßÜ„Åë„Çã,
https://youtu.be/BMvqvnyGtGo?si=08RwaM4SIj19osNh,
# Adelitas Way - Invincible(lyrics) HQ,
https://youtu.be/H3maemHRKjw?si=OIV09Cm-ONBFYtJW,
# The Score - Stronger (Audio),
https://youtu.be/_ubnhgZgsfc?si=dWUwszEBrLj89_ei,
# Molchat Doma - Kletka (Official Lyrics Video) –ú–æ–ª—á–∞—Ç –î–æ–º–∞ - –ö–ª–µ—Ç–∫–∞,
https://youtu.be/c69eHlQrKaY?si=M5jG4JkJGJnhUfuz,
# –ü–µ—Ä–µ–º–æ—Ç–∫–∞ ‚Äî –°–æ–ª–Ω—Ü–µ (Peremotka ‚Äî Solnce),
https://youtu.be/vSwZZJMmxVA?si=zYik7qA9Wa_VALJ1,
# Molchat Doma - Tancevat (Official Music Video) / –ú–æ–ª—á–∞—Ç –î–æ–º–∞ - –¢–∞–Ω—Ü–µ–≤–∞—Ç—å,
https://youtu.be/nwBi5YVO004?si=ti0YfVVDJIRClbR-,
# Phantom,
https://youtu.be/P0uzELbI9UE?si=LA0N0sZW4kbs5r-E,
# Always Then,
https://youtu.be/Fm33vztBSZs?si=2OqG39H5LJ0AwU1u,
# Twin Tribes - Fantasmas,
https://youtu.be/dRCI9oAxeNg?si=L3YeGzHgiZ7k3YXP,
# Mr.Kitty - Neglect,
https://youtu.be/2hLHfOiFlr8?si=oUdIjLHdDx7sfEIO,
# Alok & Bhaskar - Fuego ,
https://youtu.be/xpg2cEbQE7U?si=9HQ5Z-IwPdXy140K,
# Foster The People - Pumped Up Kicks (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/k_aQYP8rsgE?si=cmIdJX6QS8lHygLV,
# Mr.Bombastic Bomba Fantastic - Tik Tok Trend music,
https://youtu.be/UQdZPdpIaSk?si=CeguKgUpmqYpkU-N,
# METAMORPHOSIS 2 ,
https://youtu.be/Fl0YWLT6iFE?si=6jeOQbOkDdbvEG9x,
# Memphis Madness,
https://youtu.be/h9WrDfe3T6o?si=bC7GIWdgYeWWlJZQ,
# Alx Beats - Late Night Drive,
https://youtu.be/z2NRKXA4hjA?si=i1vIWcL4_ZKj2u3s,
# af1,
https://youtu.be/qrFdCuOi5n8?si=hmIPj1shhF1adEeq,
# Amend,
https://youtu.be/b-DkR7-TKu4?si=yl8z40VPKUFKm6FA,
# Everything Glimmer (ft. Chi-Chi & Namii) by Vylet Pony Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/CblqpnlpnM4?si=tUNhc4K5XnfG5kHn,
# METAMORPHOSIS 2 (Slowed + Reverb),
https://youtu.be/J2q8cp2J9j8?si=_W3Z84N3ht0abgok,
# METAMORPHOSIS 2 (Sped Up),
https://youtu.be/VpCXh3in6mE?si=jgaUAYaxROkRjOVf,
# INTERWORLD X HOSPICEMANE - ALONE IN LORDRAN,
https://youtu.be/s664OoWKACI?si=XZN0GTvsfacO_jIM,
# Queen - Killer Queen (Top Of The Pops, 1974),
https://youtu.be/2ZBtPf7FOoM?si=dxY1E5bC6eyo0XZ0,
# Queen ‚Äì Bohemian Rhapsody (Official Video Remastered),
https://youtu.be/fJ9rUzIMcZQ?si=nJN154kxhDDBL7pR,
# Queen - Killer Queen (Live at the Rainbow ‚Äò74),
https://youtu.be/Aj5-PUXVK_w?si=TRcb_vSvWVQm_btK,
# At Doom's Gate,
https://youtu.be/CR_B0eN0BLE?si=r4p3jT9x_Ug_THCp,
# Daft Punk - Around The World (Official Music Video Remastered),
https://youtu.be/K0HSD_i2DvA?si=ThhWEla6PeqOlXiV,
# Boney M. - Rasputin (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/Nl_Eo2QzqU4?si=iBpPf10m_19uHfdg,
# Im An Island Boy (feat. Kodiyakredd),
https://youtu.be/OBhlJ6aRMiM?si=jB_TTmzf-7wjWFQQ,
# Island Boy Freestyle,
https://youtu.be/bR4sxAyOp0Q?si=urPnG76uunZKobBu,
# –õ—é–¥–∏ –ù–∞–¥–æ–µ–ª–∏,
https://youtu.be/ZJHtN8ofmwQ?si=9rWxkKOsrqS8_Lli,
# I DONT KNOW HOW BUT THEY FOUND ME - Social Climb,
https://youtu.be/F4AtCNBbONU?si=AOjZySHL4GilHsnn,
# TSLAMP,
https://youtu.be/T8EL51jlrJA?si=agAyR1rygo7WE4tS,
# MGMT - When You Die,
https://youtu.be/tmozGmGoJuw?si=XpKVk9zNhQN34S7g,
# Why'd You Only Call Me When You're High? || Arctic Monkeys Lyrics ,
https://youtu.be/ddwxyI3hgz8?si=0J2flEPBH4wlPW6M,
# POORSTACY - Don't Look at Me (Official Audio) ,
https://youtu.be/ALWxFmD2R_0?si=DxJH66zjh_JYrijj,
# Sakura Trees,
https://youtu.be/LhhT8Lrd7ss?si=RXGDFbojZG45b9Mm,
# zombies (Plants Vs Zombies but is it okay if it's lofi hiphop?),
https://youtu.be/3Mop46Wlt3U?si=iDRzPqy5akp3e4VY,
# I DONT KNOW HOW BUT THEY FOUND ME - Absinthe,
https://youtu.be/3sTQu-AQM-Y?si=PD48XZs6WIX-6z_d,
# Cypis - Gdzie jest bia≈Çy wƒôgorz ? (Zej≈õcie),
https://youtu.be/qrxv0JNVtgY?si=RBLoVJ8ON79nE_p8,
# Blizzard,
https://youtu.be/m14iASHPv10?si=8epoPCd1c7n7wzUp,
# Voyager (Original Mix),
https://youtu.be/GIuc81vfTVU?si=RAXPcTds91cJqead,
# She Meditates,
https://youtu.be/EFYftMkYa7Y?si=OiGO-yYnHdj8TSbS,
# Vestron Vulture - New Wave Hookers,
https://youtu.be/vlXnAnSkQtI?si=0WSpQF1lVswbeX0L,
# Magic Sword - In The Face Of Evil,
https://youtu.be/G02wKufX3nw?si=D9vvj1T1RRtcq-tB,
# –ú–æ–ª—á–∞—Ç –¥–æ–º–∞ -  –ù–∞ –î–Ω–µ Official Lyrics Video ENG subtitles (Molchat Doma - Na Dne),
https://youtu.be/haBeRluizqI?si=7PyGaBe3nlv1o6ED,
# Molchat Doma - Sudno (dir. by @blood.doves),
https://youtu.be/91GTuZWCQmY?si=HqoHJAIiCoJUyRZq,
# –°—Ç–æ-–õ–∏—á–Ω—ã–π –û–Ω–∞-–ù–∞—Å - Capybara (Lyrics) | Capybara Song TikTok,
https://youtu.be/yGJfpTRL_Sw?si=bcVwNrs-FMAA6TEf,
# Forces (Theme From Berserk) ,
https://youtu.be/OvJR4RRBkmI?si=5jqE9lVR1bRuRDI2,
# My Brother (Berserk Original Soundtrack),
https://youtu.be/5fY8utOP6ow?si=2Fh5aBpSU53yUQML,
# Blood and Guts (Berserk Original Soundtrack),
https://youtu.be/PWjqhlkIWDE?si=S6kZi9ea10rTpZwl,
# birocratic - sophisticated gentleman,
https://youtu.be/1vRwUigMZuY?si=rRCXJC2scdQYLZVh,
# Theme From Dissect S11,
https://youtu.be/rsGNH1ck_GA?si=6nGmgLCFZJMhy92Q,
# Theme from Dissect S6,
https://youtu.be/XikO3LpabAE?si=LCSzxmpxX7tK4qMQ,
# Theme from Dissect S7,
https://youtu.be/iOI8CvsGC5s?si=4ZGJbrcNddcYfJ20,
# Theme from Dissect S9,
https://youtu.be/d2Z-lyepvvg?si=S1qbfY_QH45Tnmk1,
# Since You've Asked,
https://youtu.be/l0R9DKdd_PE?si=LFWEq13M9WlWmq6L,
# Round One,
https://youtu.be/lJ8O4js4f7M?si=D4OwN-wLRyp231GQ,
# Herocratic,
https://youtu.be/_Jbb4KYNQbw?si=1e_dkBokss94vdJ-,
# Not The One (Original Version),
https://youtu.be/V-za0UNs3-I?si=be0lwNKE0VqBuBXM,
# Roar - Christmas Kids,
https://youtu.be/J6GE0XnIv7A?si=HlWgrWVVgpLs4BgN,
# Roar - I Can‚Äôt Handle Change ,
https://youtu.be/f1V0cQFyC7E?si=3La-Fd0mEAA43RP8,
# Shades of Violet,
https://youtu.be/tjXGm-mqvHc?si=HlUZib8eIHQeBQ88,
# surrenderdorothy - becarefulupthere,
https://youtu.be/r5Rjaa-uI4Q?si=-Lye2OkebjQDxG7y,
# Melancholy human tetris,
https://youtu.be/l8tmbCP7zaY?si=edfH9uPQ5-TcJbH_,
# EKKSTACY - i walk this earth all by myself [Official Lyric Video],
https://youtu.be/UcR48z8H9Yg?si=ZLNrmDSzQ8kq4hZP,
# –¥—É—Ä–Ω–æ–π –≤–∫—É—Å - –ø–ª–∞—Å—Ç–∏–Ω–∫–∏,
https://youtu.be/ccMHSE3VEqg?si=lKRlFS_pUNkPBB8U,
# Shiro Sagisu, Yoko Takahashi - A Cruel Angel's Thesis - (Evangelion Original Soundtrack),
https://youtu.be/lYE8-d4imWY?si=dlkIoZhiR20XC62b,
# INTERWORLD, zxcursed, Sadfriendd  - METAMORPHOSIS 3,
https://youtu.be/2b6Y-GcU_j8?si=6pMrPxxSNeFVSjR8,
# Hollywood Undead - Chaos [Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/lVrEqYeGXaE?si=jS-fuPGvDI5vXmn5,
# Hollywood Undead - Ruin My Life (Official Music Video),
https://youtu.be/GwclyfPgKhc?si=dKXMi36xGdOU9wL1,
# Post Malone - Take What You Want (Official Audio) ft. Ozzy Osbourne, Travis Scott,
https://youtu.be/LYa_ReqRlcs?si=h4yKtqy3u-mfl7vW,
# Whisper Whisper Whisper,
https://youtu.be/MgNCjYXCxOc?si=n3CQjY3dTZJBmNrN,
# Hades - The Painful Way,
https://youtu.be/vqKoFKVxTYM?si=Avp9tlX3Fkx-B2G2,
# Good Riddance (Eurydice Solo),
https://youtu.be/DrkTe3Tc7Jg?si=aRyS6wJgzvH7K-iJ,
# Hades - No Escape,
https://youtu.be/oksESAMg7WM?si=Zi5uV8rgbI7_CNyi,
# my ordinary life (slowed + reverb) - Slowed,
https://youtu.be/oW8-vLR1FJg?si=UZ0XN68TPZWnWqSl,
# Confetti - Ghost (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/mgQOEPWxp7c?si=EUe-8Lseum3EVy70,
# Confetti - Right Now (Audio),
https://youtu.be/0C-nrISXE7A?si=DD98gieXIAj9_bE7,
# Eyedress - Jealous,
https://youtu.be/FvicQ31D-J8?si=LsTeNGIz3gQN-V0I,
# Creative Differences - So Beautiful [Official Music Video],
https://youtu.be/sLpOgL5hWC8?si=6bYpqd5HQa5vXTsU,
# Imagine Dragons - Bones (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/DYed5whEf4g?si=iGEfyjssjlv65uC-,
# Hold the Line,
https://youtu.be/Z65Qy27jjUE?si=4K4ZjBvx7J-Yx6bn,
# Ghost - Mary On A Cross (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/k5mX3NkA7jM?si=qRLUJvgTiCKMqO6N,
# The Unknown,
https://youtu.be/aU6g9GFYdjg?si=tbibzVRTQZH_-IcU,
# Kxllswxtch - WASTE [Official Video],
https://youtu.be/csZTPVCLHyk?si=6nX0pzArFuj-eOxS,
# EVNTYD - Boredom (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/DCLM0DrliXI?si=S3HopkD5gVEqUBw_,
# Ari Abdul - BABYDOLL (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/evny_w98PjI?si=h7zRHW3egJ_vWNRJ,
# Leo Casa 1 - "Pangeia" part. Fabio Brazza & Atentado Napalm,
https://youtu.be/oBVj7jgkpjk?si=dgag1xF4wtF9R_zT,
# i don't dance,
https://youtu.be/LMXsu1T_TZw?si=Jr0hOArsEkvp_BOh,
# FrankJavCee - Ôº≥ÔΩâÔΩçÔΩêÔΩìÔΩèÔΩéÔΩóÔΩÅÔΩñÔΩÖ ÔºëÔºôÔºôÔºï (Original Music Video),
https://youtu.be/EuVTt-M3IXo?si=e3bq5_jK_Wi6zNuS,
# 1979,
https://youtu.be/fiT-w34Se48?si=O1MagKI5O2P2wjJD,
# AcesToAces - memory lane,
https://youtu.be/i3As7wOIJds?si=IPwAWNbp06HMJVgz,
# Black Cathedral,
https://youtu.be/3U7sE61Z98s?si=KL1h-EazyqZx2qGD,
# Intelligency - August | Russian Version,
https://youtu.be/oe5WzVf1kq4?si=59orWqVnLwGxGlxD,
# Final Round,
https://youtu.be/5djEDsdm25o?si=j5bI53Rlk2KJiNDk,
# japan,
https://youtu.be/F4HCl4kFYFQ?si=QX9QmcC3Rl6AGteO,
# Village People - YMCA (OFFICIAL Music Video 1978),
https://youtu.be/CS9OO0S5w2k?si=Kw5cLiaF90Jx-CGT,
# Bloody Stream but is it okay if it's lofi?,
https://youtu.be/pqdgpIlwlVo?si=O0LuituaVySpITkN,
# TasteMakers,
https://youtu.be/Gyesg51TQRs?si=3LSp0q5yhf7aiu1F,
# Juan RIOS - Azahar,
https://youtu.be/6ltg8_WZ2-c?si=Wx8bXFNdhdNGD-Is,
# Hey Ya!,
https://youtu.be/ubk1skSE9OA?si=ysR5LYdpVTIW89uz,
# The Black Eyed Peas - Pump It [Album Version],
https://youtu.be/BHfXhiUgnQ0?si=11Fw20vnGQojAJNm,
# Smiley Faces ,
https://youtu.be/7UNRUcj9_vY?si=NMusyOxjedF-lZHC,
# Can't Hold Us - Macklemore & Ryan Lewis (feat. Ray Dalton),
https://youtu.be/VG3JsmOmDqw?si=P2aecrdHZwvylFcb,
# Gnarls Barkley - Run,
https://youtu.be/oSuStthQVRE?si=wYN9-tlG2DLb3y1M,
# Maroon 5 - This Love,
https://youtu.be/XPpTgCho5ZA?si=DFc3wZVuiDvLwPqG,
# Red Hot Chili Peppers - Can't Stop [Official Music Video],
https://youtu.be/8DyziWtkfBw?si=EaHZkROKTbxcn7FD,
# Blizzard[0],
https://youtu.be/gHWb9MBkMQo?si=835GB_egFFbuzYM6,
# PRIDE.,
https://youtu.be/pRGmFiEyr0A?si=C3zoWYRqZIVh0pBs,
# Gorillaz - D√©sol√© ft. Fatoumata Diawara (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/EjB6-VR_KQU?si=VOLK_Yizlwe9TMVA,
# I Bet You Look Good On The Dancefloor,
https://youtu.be/CYpn8yUnX_c?si=5EtjqcAxaiWJBjae,
# Smooth Criminal (Immortal Version),
https://youtu.be/jrlS8KCvgy4?si=LZrrIcVJFAbS134C,
# Desertor,
https://youtu.be/Fq5DLoUprbc?si=0htYnbAr_crXDJVi,
# The Bad Thing,
https://youtu.be/hxiwUOsnVh0?si=olsqOfZ6pfvtaEm9,
# Balaclava,
https://youtu.be/GeyA2L5LNBk?si=KxAQIHnWDKXk0Q6_,
# The Weeknd - In The Night (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/9CbQl98JEbE?si=zBaaqLNFIYDH3p9q,
# The Weeknd - Alone Again (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/JH398xAYpZA?si=ZjLIc3woNCOr1wtq,
# Metro Boomin, The Weeknd, 21 Savage - Creepin' (Visualizer),
https://youtu.be/61ymOWwOwuk?si=N_looltAlKzWVtF0,
# INSTASAMKA - –û—Ç–∫–ª—é—á–∞—é —Ç–µ–ª–µ—Ñ–æ–Ω (prod. realmoneyken),
https://youtu.be/AXO2i4Edl1c?si=MnCZQFV9LZh3m7wI,
# Daddy Yankee - Gasolina (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/3sDLMktfqFM?si=p4VZsEN4POT50Q79,
# Xcho - –¢—ã –∏ –Ø (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/x1XuN5Rq2ws?si=VBGZ4xy4M9TTrAnl,
# Six Shooter,
https://youtu.be/Y2shDoIBJIs?si=XGZGFp25r1psP4A4,
# Adrenalize - Epic Sax Song (Official Videoclip),
https://youtu.be/9Qlh1l7k9bU?si=3cSY2rnY1kfX7Ubl,
# updog - clown,
https://youtu.be/5GJBg7zFfw8?si=7ucPbqCPnWU3-lXo,
# Cartoon, J√©ja - Why We Lose (feat. Coleman Trapp) | DnB | NCS - Copyright Free Music,
https://youtu.be/zyXmsVwZqX4?si=ifm7uczLD2VPbFGn,
# King of the Jungle (Gian Nobilee & P√òP CULTUR Remix),
https://youtu.be/ZHzRCok2bIU?si=I4hJD4vlJLPYXynM,
# P-Holla- Do It For Love,
https://youtu.be/LJuLQwasG4k?si=3DTswK2ftyBUxW-i,
# Skip The Use - Nameless World ,
https://youtu.be/4_eTzosF83g?si=EhHaeKZWHyHJqd1F,
# Fox Stevenson - Bruises,
https://youtu.be/sFCpqrMMQGM?si=kV8cig8jr15RAm97,
# Clarx - H.A.Y | Future House | NCS - Copyright Free Music,
https://youtu.be/mj9KRKSvdbk?si=xOyPx7ieGmcozuib,
# If You Were There, Beware,
https://youtu.be/wU0UbTDxABI?si=MgoTCBOAFfcGeODd,
# Otis Stacks - Little Pretty,
https://youtu.be/UCqTE4VibbM?si=hjJ-2o-8NUi7dq3_,
# Blooom & Ghost'n'Ghost - Desire,
https://youtu.be/-0lCd9rrCZo?si=ip-4ez-JK4aFBRz6,
# SHANGUY - La Louze (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/aTeJTwSj058?si=4IjMSWZ01b-CIOui,
# Looking Like This,
https://youtu.be/Cc2hU6WoOLo?si=RVIRD49gluHCbgSq,
# Mother Mother - Arms Tonite,
https://youtu.be/F0xdQ8ES9fc?si=b46OLR0s4BZvJV4E,
# Himalayas - Sigh on a Hurricane,
https://youtu.be/UIrMIZMqrc8?si=o0o-X3J6mK2LSmAF,
# Teddy Picker,
https://youtu.be/VredAgNScOw?si=QG9TMOIH4CHZwhWQ,
# This House is a Circus ,
https://youtu.be/anw6Gyh_ahU?si=ahHUNelyba5IIiGx,
# Rap Lingua estranha - DECANTALARATHUNAY - PR CICERO,
https://youtu.be/LBNunJq7AAc?si=QhVmZc2ZQpt7vjCZ,
# 4'33'',
https://youtu.be/TrlKxV5KWJo?si=PAIuv1c8hAtaQabx,
# Cassie of the Dead,
https://youtu.be/gAWWvtpZyQE?si=1v5VMY1uzE_SGcI3,
# VCR Romance,
https://youtu.be/fhwQ0obIPAE?si=IbA3ItJCxib8AbGf,
# Space Goth Coast to Coast,
https://youtu.be/U2eMcpeidyI?si=RB4fSP0RHFSwWlZW,
# Brittany,
https://youtu.be/59ZBaVfdst0?si=_c87REy4eASrayO0,
# –ï–ª–µ–Ω–∞,
https://youtu.be/Tj1S9m19L3U?si=rdASv41QN2gFacql,
# Judas Effect (2024 Remaster),
https://youtu.be/qAZmig_rXBE?si=L2QwcTZ_g7xBpL1u,
# Chamber Of Reflection,
https://youtu.be/pQsF3pzOc54?si=iOGiSjzyWP54mGqq,
# [HQ] Shinsei Kamattechan - My War ,
https://youtu.be/sXiOuwlcn3U?si=8LOywbFfgwI0IoMs,
# ooo,
https://youtu.be/XtEu0aF7P3A?si=-l1wFVC07f4I2Q0B,
# The G.O.D.,
https://youtu.be/4Z_c-JQx_Hk?si=dQ7apgxWRK-yKHe9,
# miles. [no.where],
https://youtu.be/qKYUd5y0bOA?si=GNyrXzHRTNETVYQT,
# Within (feat. tkdwn),
https://youtu.be/1pNz3kNHOxE?si=4fFoIgRiueiS1eo-,
# ah. [_quicky],
https://youtu.be/AGwFGXN0Txo?si=U9vQScofmQqGX2HE,
# Crystals,
https://youtu.be/QMXzdCxAExg?si=6OE1NDaswRdxxXVx,
# Hoodie Weather,
https://youtu.be/iDNi2o56DTE?si=FNrc5pN5gNhjwbJl,
# Pyramids,
https://youtu.be/ldZhueT9I-w?si=vmZNjfVHTjQO_tQC,
# Muju Style,
https://youtu.be/MXebZ3FxkQ4?si=RFyfNbznBPWpJQxl,
# PATOLINO: O MAGO (√â implac√°vel!) - Cover por THE KIRA JUSTICE,
https://youtu.be/3bsra-SEpxI?si=RPLt2T3CcbXWcus9,
# JoJo: ‚òÖ STEEL BALL RUN OP ‚òÖ„ÄéHoly Steel„Äè- Original - JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Part 7 „Äê„Ç∏„Éß„Ç∏„Éß„ÅÆÂ•áÂ¶ô„Å™ÂÜíÈô∫„Äë,
https://youtu.be/YXexSXix3zs?si=JuYBoyU4smbCfDor,
# JoJo ‚òÖ JOJOLION OP ‚òÖ„ÄéGO BEYOND !„Äè- Original - JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Part 8„Äê„Ç∏„Éß„Ç∏„Éß„ÅÆÂ•áÂ¶ô„Å™ÂÜíÈô∫„Äë „Ç∏„Éß„Ç∏„Éß„É™„Ç™„É≥,
https://youtu.be/g7TcFvORooU?si=OflcF6lSUgq5oToE,
# Uragirimonono Requiem Giorno Ver.,
https://youtu.be/AMC6BpF1sxE?si=NKYJRyQQ2UW5KRdV,
# ThxSoMch - SPIT IN MY FACE! (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/ZtCOsQqrBrs?si=2FDuriQpo8VaIGxF,
# Gyro Zeppeli,
https://youtu.be/NXWPkm7x1OM?si=m3ObjJ7aUL5t4u79,
# STAND PROUD,
https://youtu.be/oAzNQKbncxA?si=34t1JFTSWElRFT3U,
# JOJO SONO CHINO SADAME,
https://youtu.be/_N_Uqd7JBcM?si=ZZCHe3rted8osP0l,
# CRAZY NOISY BIZARRE TOWN,
https://youtu.be/qlaRFRA4qFU?si=l9L4OsEpI6TNr86H,
# Great Days ,
https://youtu.be/UztXN2rKQNc?si=BWRONsYe7LRrK_aC,
# Fighting Gold ,
https://youtu.be/ub3EI4xw48c?si=Jupky1D8EY_5o0x7,
# 1st of Tha Month,
https://youtu.be/37YDcIQABEs?si=12TtM7uadKrLq973,
# JOJO Steel Ball Run OST: Johnny Joestar Theme | EPIC VERSION (Fan-Made),
https://youtu.be/fSZvkr21dqk?si=_Z4MFUvbP3jOPa18,
# AC/DC - Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/jsjdjWGDvFk?si=IHUKyD1m-LvuchgZ,
# Aces,
https://youtu.be/4tGA_QI2rDM?si=rlW9YZwFWwuNj2Ni,
# Jojo's Bizarre Adventure the ultimate Awaken (Pillar Men Theme) Cover,
https://youtu.be/P8LdKZyRXY4?si=YPYBJCfNfL02VYnh,
# JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Steel Ball Run OST: Funny Valentine Theme | Fan Made ,
https://youtu.be/gFU2BIkaREY?si=kBooGeINY8DIX3N7,
# Memphis Cult, GROOVE DEALERS, SPLYXER - 9MM (Official video),
https://youtu.be/a5oedjPzCUg?si=_w7vAMsYgUwv3yx2,
# Billy Joel - Pressure (Audio),
https://youtu.be/6Z5WdSL0BK0?si=qBvYL1jiiq0gTSSV,
# Real Gone (Original Version),
https://youtu.be/56ZNQHS29tw?si=MW6g4slp5CQGbaQi,
# xxanteria - BAIXO,
https://youtu.be/SaNQiEH6JO4?si=a0oYNWYYEs37TtfX,
# BAIXO (ALT VER),
https://youtu.be/VNYwpNguPo4?si=t2BbBeYMS2KTK5rb,
# Jetpack Joyride OST üéºüéπ - Main Theme,
https://youtu.be/MiUjLJJligs?si=_-7AzlQ0TmI7ua6X,
# SiM ‚Äì The Rumbling (OFFICIAL VIDEO),
https://youtu.be/OBqw818mQ1E?si=bnG_8EggRUJIMOau,
# F√ºr Elise ,
https://youtu.be/_XG3h6LywNQ?si=IyubqFO8ot6cSlmU,
# Symphony No. 5 In C minor,
https://youtu.be/hv-F6LZ1sJk?si=nHQwvQ4shW_8bOjw,
# LOVELY BASTARDS (Remix),
https://youtu.be/FTzJNutzUPs?si=phT2pkHD79-YepN6,
# DJ Paul x LJBeatz x Phonk Walker - Ridin Clean [Visualizer],
https://youtu.be/4oDJik52ScM?si=IxTjbEwQiuZuLt23,
# ZWE1HVNDXR, yatashigang - LOVELY BASTARDS,
https://youtu.be/q5jWAVS6S-k?si=zhVwBMjN64Q8shQ4,
# Smooth Operator (2011 Remastered),
https://youtu.be/rS7Va0sBYAM?si=XmJDJjToi_U8iutS,
# Sade - Smooth Operator - Official - 1984,
https://youtu.be/4TYv2PhG89A?si=o_0M8jqLKSrFN1Aq,
# M83 - Solitude (Audio),
https://youtu.be/8HA6kS5WeYw?si=ErGma6zyQFx7pK6e,
# Julius Fucik - Entry of the Gladiators,
https://youtu.be/_B0CyOAO8y0?si=6fDkaahmFevSRPAZ,
# lofi circus üé™ [Entry of the Gladiators],
https://youtu.be/5RMtMuATmVM?si=MvmelN-CS2-WP2yy,
# Tom Petty - Love Is A Long Road (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/xAgUYyosqVM?si=CwqE4WBATrwsskUG,
# –ú–æ–π –º–∞—Ä–º–µ–ª–∞–¥–Ω—ã–π (Speed Up),
https://youtu.be/f--UUHGg_Mc?si=DyTAbe6xb4esU--B,
# –ö–ê–¢–Ø –õ–ï–õ–¨ - –ú–æ–π –º–∞—Ä–º–µ–ª–∞–¥–Ω—ã–π (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/0JMdXFHo5SY?si=Maq-Aga7Lyx1Z3B-,
# Molchat Doma - Toska (dir. by @blood.doves) Official Lyrics Video ENG subtitles,
https://youtu.be/Fg2CvKG39Rc?si=0jkjM2vqbB05psay,
# Self Control,
https://youtu.be/Ucmo6hDZRSY?si=G7upmXXNqGWAVqbY,
# Banana Man,
https://youtu.be/BRD9BqjIk-E?si=eYMan_0sPlM9WSWL,
# &,
https://youtu.be/pLJ85XExZtQ?si=3x_ZiMNwW8kJ8B-x,
# Tally Hall - Hidden in the Sand,
https://youtu.be/EOFA9kPQ_uU?si=qRdm5ucMYp4u_r5E,
# Cris Velasco - Brothers of Blood | God of War III (Original Game Soundtrack),
https://youtu.be/OC1SkK5BO6E?si=9cMLvANPFyIad9wj,
# Tally Hall - Ruler of Everything,
https://youtu.be/I8sUC-dsW8A?si=uoGLSsMl78r2FxDb,
# A Lady,
https://youtu.be/rygZkj3W_RM?si=2_ygDdH7DMUpTA4l,
# Crystal Castles "KEROSENE" Official,
https://youtu.be/qR2QIJdtgiU?si=vgv_MpvxKM2Pxi_g,
# Drowning in Damnation (Punk Rock and Unrequited Love),
https://youtu.be/pOhPOwd4o9U?si=Te_8EzgXo4XcBk5r,
# M83 - Solitude (Felsmann + Tiley Reinterpretation) (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/_p2NvO6KrBs?si=c6RvE_meRiSWI6jB,
# I Can Do Anything / Finale ,
https://youtu.be/RGvKLa0CYzE?si=gEFjhrVMDmfa03-N,
# Futurama Main Theme (From "Futurama"/C. Tyng Extended Version),
https://youtu.be/Tz8HmN2uvuk?si=4gHwmrbGQcTp1rbB,
# MOONDEITY X INTERWORLD - ONE CHANCE,
https://youtu.be/q1tAnXBUpno?si=FJuwDdhy7bNFL35g,
# Yasuha - Flyday Chinatown,
https://youtu.be/4X7ZvpwBiKA?si=91jZgHR43u4OE1Mj,
# The Bidding,
https://youtu.be/ipYafcHd0jA?si=LHTg4Lf4r-wopy1i,
# Two Wuv,
https://youtu.be/xLirITfSCVY?si=jx5QUP3JTzmZyIQ5,
# Cannibal,
https://youtu.be/5_QwMRE-BKc?si=4U9S-mp3ieZttqvK,
# Tally Hall - Turn The Lights Off,
https://youtu.be/dLrdSC9MVb4?si=8CYZm92-Z2Uip3CM,
# You & Me ,
https://youtu.be/1RliQKR6jXM?si=mcr78Ch4CBrR69qV,
# Drip of The Japanese Emperor,
https://youtu.be/7OL4ScsAuC8?si=_37-GIvBlL4WShyg,
# Bosnian Folk Song - Bosanska Artiljerija,
https://youtu.be/yRGgl9KT9rE?si=y90cOVONa-K70Lvf,
# –¢–≤–æ—è —Ñ–∏–≥—É—Ä–∞ (Remastered),
https://youtu.be/YtV8ou2cxGs?si=Xk2_Q86vS_vD_K_z,
# Hoist the Colours (Pirates of the Caribbean) Cover,
https://youtu.be/IX0r4H2i9uY?si=GMDWNoCXyFITJTdT,
# The Wellermen - Hoist The Colours (Official Audio) ft. @ebucs @BigBrev @ebucs,
https://youtu.be/kqwG0lwn-ec?si=vCELXouFStXhxe9L,
# YG Marley - "Praise Jah in the Moonlight",
https://youtu.be/iD__IJWqwY8?si=B7kgenK-HtnPJqCS,
# Scatman (ski-ba-bop-ba-dop-bop) Official Video HD - Scatman John,
https://youtu.be/Hy8kmNEo1i8?si=HmMHryJj4-e2THcL,
# Scatman's World,
https://youtu.be/7neipvZ_H0c?si=ynUdw89Tl7pv2buK,
# ENISA  - Disco Cone (Take it High) ft Wenzl [Visualizer],
https://youtu.be/hCP66Z3nEis?si=WlaWf4JFxJtb_N7I,
# –ü—Ä–æ–≥–Ω–æ–∑,
https://youtu.be/yMNoXMl_PZs?si=ONOHLJ4KgFlKsArz,
# Barbara Pravi - Voil√† (Paroles/Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/mqb7R-ZPcrI?si=3gRP9Ru8ZVz0q-Mx,
# Weezer - Buddy Holly (2024 Remaster) ,
https://youtu.be/SiJie3Z7DG8?si=agCMX5VjdyBrvN-s,
# Louis,
https://youtu.be/6CeoM5e40yM?si=MKOOssULUJw_yUiX,
# Ethan Bortnick - hide n seek (Official Visualizer),
https://youtu.be/V3JbmZ7VH1E?si=pYSsIHHg-W3wiSvu,
# Men At Work - Who Can It Be Now? (Video Version),
https://youtu.be/SECVGN4Bsgg?si=JKEQNam8HFywGkEs,
# Modern Talking - Cheri Cheri Lady (Official¬†Video),
https://youtu.be/eNvUS-6PTbs?si=aSMtnDBhaTOGLBY5,
# Tame Impala - Borderline (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/2g5xkLqIElU?si=VNnRmM2ONTooy2nL,
# Tame Impala - Borderline (Single Version),
https://youtu.be/MXkZ-eeGs6A?si=8ElnCL7h_8wwhtWF,
# Borderline (Slowed + Reverb),
https://youtu.be/bLyZ-el5_Is?si=rgjVznDlGw2hSlzs,
# Tame Impala - The Less I Know The Better (Audio),
https://youtu.be/2SUwOgmvzK4?si=W2lnmHCxvKfXJ7cu,
# The Less I Let It Happen, The Better I Know,
https://youtu.be/-sJU-n-aTxA?si=Un0wtWZwInyGu-Ta,
# Tame Impala - Let It Happen (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/odeHP8N4LKc?si=AlrTwysm6Ot6oEAm,
# Tame Impala - Yes I'm Changing (Audio),
https://youtu.be/D_cMCvudZBs?si=XCoKoTFD7bT7xHE2,
# The Final Crop,
https://youtu.be/cw2B1qDZq_Y?si=2ivE2qoI-IpvawK4,
# Artemas - i like the way you kiss me (official music video),
https://youtu.be/evJ6gX1lp2o?si=6U3ZhOLSBrmpmPF4,
# Tame Impala - New Person, Same Old Mistakes (Audio),
https://youtu.be/_9bw_VtMUGA?si=LfhQzl4Me8hgJCdv,
# Tame Impala - Eventually (Audio),
https://youtu.be/GHe8kKO8uds?si=7Gb43olcQG-b6G1e,
# Bad Piggies Theme,
https://youtu.be/EgAOqt8I5ac?si=AV9h8YuNWJ0fUrsI,
# Mittsies - Titanium,
https://youtu.be/K_7K7v2KGYU?si=UXkjmpO9nZC_KcVH,
# I Don't Want to Set the World on Fire,
https://youtu.be/TmIwm5RElRs?si=jUXUWkZZ1Zm0JY1t,
# Maybe,
https://youtu.be/fsLPj_BG3fg?si=vlJNpvqa2AZ5-OLb,
# Why Don't You Do Right (Get Me Some Money Too),
https://youtu.be/EF8YkyhupPQ?si=0lfAvUf5swC2aVcu,
# [I Got Spurs That] Jingle, Jangle, Jingle,
https://youtu.be/s0ofuXYkYi0?si=I3sZavfEry440Fp1,
# Red Hot Chili Peppers - Californication (Official Music Video) [HD UPGRADE],
https://youtu.be/YlUKcNNmywk?si=Gnt7dmq4lHCYRYox,
# Through The Fire And Flames,
https://youtu.be/DZyYapMZSec?si=NVhgOJqxTaDFjr3G,
# No Doubt - Don't Speak (High-Quality Audio),
https://youtu.be/9jvaHOi6YRI?si=MYNu_vHfiwEBaFk7,
# Stairway to Heaven (Remaster),
https://youtu.be/X791IzOwt3Q?si=51q97Vxa3LO4QR2o,
# The Rolling Stones - Paint It, Black (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/O4irXQhgMqg?si=CzUasiLnI64-3jLX,
# Earth, Wind & Fire - Let's Groove (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/8D4hcrkI2xU?si=p2A2h29vt9DFs5Sl,
# A Hard Day's Night (Remastered 2015),
https://youtu.be/AMSiHdrHl0g?si=lVd6WDpptuq61p6q,
# Boogie Wonderland,
https://youtu.be/PbpIyn70t8c?si=xOfkIbDkmoumHtfS,
# I Want To Break Free (Remastered 2011),
https://youtu.be/kBFGQ_Khc3Q?si=fzmNpe_FReYlXd9g,
# Quiet Riot - Cum On Feel The Noize,
https://youtu.be/zJguYBZJ45g?si=j1Ko4UfKT29EtEHy,
# Audioslave - Be Yourself (Album Version),
https://youtu.be/WC5FdFlUcl0?si=Z4z3hJ0LBo0arR9l,
# Immigrant Song (Remaster),
https://youtu.be/y8OtzJtp-EM?si=Uf637cI_rd3ff7hJ,
# Toto - Africa (Official HD Video),
https://youtu.be/FTQbiNvZqaY?si=-zJ9hePqvDBxzT31,
# Neovaii - Crash,
https://youtu.be/2Z2D8OYnkmk?si=57CiXIrIotfQiAWR,
# –¢–∞–Ω—Ü—ã,
https://youtu.be/iDnHovrCmNg?si=ZGTD75VDYXUGsEFh,
# Molchat Doma - Zvezdy (Official Lyrics Video),
https://youtu.be/dnjs569Ba20?si=me98sTyrWgP7Hqdf,
# That's Not My Name - Automaton Marching Song | Socialist March Cadence | Helldivers 2,
https://youtu.be/INFTEYj6Rkk?si=5-9KpH40FByWTpl-,
# Marty Robbins - Big Iron (Audio),
https://youtu.be/-NuX79Ud8zI?si=r7MOKO6DsGO7b4wu,
# Marty Robbins - They're Hanging Me Tonight (Audio),
https://youtu.be/YLgqgh7qAbU?si=zbw0ileV0xLfOItm,
# [There'll be Bluebirds Over] The White Cliffs of Dover,
https://youtu.be/HI8-xdP7XfM?si=ZeA1zQ0vkdcYCOnw,
# Cool Water,
https://youtu.be/JP7rsrjCOIM?si=rgomDQBM4cqhHI9p,
# Ain't That A Kick In The Head (Remastered 1997),
https://youtu.be/BeBhy375xsI?si=93aChL_FYN4xS2FU,
# Dean Martin - Ain't That A Kick In The Head (Audio),
https://youtu.be/1ERI1GoZ4NA?si=CodX8Tj-ARqKOg0q,
# Blue Moon (1999 Remastered),
https://youtu.be/Dw1ZC6sZjIY?si=nhTkKUt4z13B7UNK,
# California Dreamin',
https://youtu.be/oU6uUEwZ8FM?si=IM8d0Xu-ECcwEBmf,
# HYSTERIA!,
https://youtu.be/i3v-xXym9t4?si=1zwR2MfD5O0CRvaI,
# POSSESSIVE LOVE DISORDER,
https://youtu.be/LrIF5CuYK1Y?si=TPRQNoShjxM1QZ_K,
# Hades II -  Coral Crown,
https://youtu.be/N7QSavYWEE0?si=uMiH5Py5VSEJlITs,
# This Velvet Glove ,
https://youtu.be/TqoDFpLyio0?si=zqTYYZbQSt96hLIL,
# Red Hot Chili Peppers - Otherside [Official Music Video] [HD UPGRADE],
https://youtu.be/rn_YodiJO6k?si=nY_-Q50qltvfVZZv,
# Hades II -  I Am Gonna Claw (Out Your Eyes then Drown You to Death),
https://youtu.be/cQFEcBIf8z0?si=-1tYGr6wkj3TGnEO,
# Molchat Doma - Doma Molchat (Official Lyrics Video) –ú–æ–ª—á–∞—Ç –î–æ–º–∞ - –î–æ–º–∞ –º–æ–ª—á–∞—Ç,
https://youtu.be/HJ5_vDmnjmU?si=Ig1lUEbwH6DpNdi9,
# –¢–∏—à–∏–Ω–∞,
https://youtu.be/8XfgfooA5BQ?si=ZR77pRLvegmHszim,
# NO STRINGS ATTACHED,
https://youtu.be/iJ348azPmcY?si=X62o-KRc45z2kMoI,
# Seekae - Test & Recognise (Flume Re-Work),
https://youtu.be/wMzIHuWh_I0?si=_8TPmK9bkHeTgrRV,
# Fallout 2 -  Soundtrack - "My Chrysalis Highwayman" (Wasteland),
https://youtu.be/3jxn1sqAQ-c?si=UGfjlDpWdJ5RqoNs,
# If I Didn't Care,
https://youtu.be/IQCG3DchxYU?si=fA4RVk4YleREva3s,
# Lynyrd Skynyrd - Free Bird (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/0LwcvjNJTuM?si=3mON61xPC9K38ssh,
# –ß—Ç–æ-—Ç–æ –Ω–µ —Ç–æ —Ç–≤–æ—Ä–∏—Ç—Å—è,
https://youtu.be/4J4vDzC_9-g?si=RPJB9tnMhALO7krv,
# –§–∏–ª—å–º—ã,
https://youtu.be/nVtSBNvAC7w?si=-Z_b62qYX1J-A21y,
# Molchat Doma - Volny (Official Lyrics Video) –º–æ–ª—á–∞—Ç –¥–æ–º–∞ - –≤–æ–ª–Ω—ã,
https://youtu.be/-6G6AW7oApA?si=-IcUGLXfRerfqD-4,
# American Nightmare,
https://youtu.be/mpTF_8uaE6E?si=wSTpS2ttsACfB-Fd,
# Always Down,
https://youtu.be/S2c38TzDZoc?si=KNjVrRzepjdN2Lbj,
# —É–≤—É–ª–∞ - —Ç—ã –∏ —Ç–≤–æ—è —Ç–µ–Ω—å,
https://youtu.be/A1z4ZU9XxM4?si=_tJ3UxzaIj4KlX-s,
# –í–æ—Å–µ–º—å,
https://youtu.be/r2NWtoWRVKo?si=-MXHSN3oeVtCl-2O,
# Moldy Lunchbox,
https://youtu.be/IjBzDIrcRdk?si=aMCjq4oT5z1PusLj,
# Murder,
https://youtu.be/-iI-hMlSB-M?si=xhjPBhJxzmRCbeLv,
# BEHELIT,
https://youtu.be/xsV6wk4nzPw?si=_N0hiGObBwZyE9dN,
# Gats,
https://youtu.be/auLopgsgJ_s?si=LKwM49zSHiFL1kNd,
# The Chain (2004 Remaster),
https://youtu.be/iLC-tHvkNvI?si=Gyg85xypPPr8-QFJ,
# ANRI „Ç¢„É≥„É™ ÊùèÈáå ‚ÄùRemember Summer Days‚Äù Timely!!üé§‚ô™üé∂üé∏ÔºªOfficial VideoÔºΩ,
https://youtu.be/Z056hRt23Fo?si=IeAUO-0aCNgphjOj,
# No Room Left,
https://youtu.be/5XhA9k7x2TM?si=XwPrtgKaDOifhj4n,
# Into the Unknown,
https://youtu.be/tEzYsaLm7nw?si=YX5MQ8H5DKjQ9wru,
# Thievery Corporation - D√©collage [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/aT92TZhTI5I?si=WZi7jlxUWQIUsjFI,
# Thievery Corporation - All That We Perceive [Official Audio] ,
https://youtu.be/eSRNzNF9rgM?si=28b6vwkivBXzmtuz,
# Thievery Corporation - Saudade [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/oznQNIvnaAQ?si=vIdbGLybQyCg1Gpr,
# Thievery Corporation - Lebanese Blonde [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/zNhHhtJ1reM?si=oYI_AnigAbdln4OH,
# Thievery Corporation - Shadows of Ourselves [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/VKDxBG7voGQ?si=cDMki4cOe91aci5I,
# Thievery Corporation - Sweet Tides [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/B7sFF95h8No?si=hEMfQMy13NTNxt_l,
# BoÃÇa - Duvet 2023 [Official Video],
https://youtu.be/s0NME1GfbIc?si=nigMdfkrxOwdmRtF,
# Heartaches By The Number,
https://youtu.be/Zr6k3mvZRQA?si=OKBRgvzDTpVObVVh,
# Johnny Guitar,
https://youtu.be/Cl2KnCumdmA?si=LGqTJSnlWy16dxmy,
# Bruno Mars - Runaway Baby (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/HIgvP7B3Hg8?si=dZSOAjoLQyvhVKTV,
# Gorillaz - Tranz (Visualiser),
https://youtu.be/BCbuxFKTVdc?si=HGkfYn0ZkoeKIhrn,
# Slave Knight Gael,
https://youtu.be/YWSJkdR49PI?si=_DcdceMPD6G8InMI,
# CCC Doesn‚Äôt Work for Free,
https://youtu.be/91qb6hmsZMw?si=M-r7AO5o8rJCut8E,
# Begin Again,
https://youtu.be/t9rfCiBF92k?si=OlZSeiNyETlR0VXc,
# Subterranean Meltdown,
https://youtu.be/2O0ydiFR9jM?si=43B903mKzW_bLXJb,
# Primm and Proper,
https://youtu.be/T4wFw-nH5OY?si=UtyH6rOZyTSp5Ed0,
# Not My Vault ,
https://youtu.be/8xpmuUJOxKQ?si=SepRoknfL25r1I3n,
# Stuck Next To You - Tiishe [Slowed] (prod.voidrave99),
https://youtu.be/YeW9MMTVXw0?si=kA0wnlJHPDvYklkp,
# Stuck Next To You - Tiishe (prod.voidrave99),
https://youtu.be/J9lwyXVgPIY?si=k6wWk025FSxG1XY1,
# Borderline (Sped Up),
https://youtu.be/psakeF6cJRE?si=uTF-ZLYSmwpBCw07,
# –ú–æ–ª—á–∞—Ç –¥–æ–º–∞ -  –ö–æ–º–º–µ—Ä—Å–∞–Ω—Ç—ã Official Lyrics Video ENG subtitles (Molchat Doma - Kommersanty),
https://youtu.be/z09i6kKxZkw?si=zOvbQKqe3tMhrH4D,
# Bang Bang (New Version),
https://youtu.be/arTV2RjpItk?si=LPXJHzlb0tFTJEUP,
# Happy Nation,
https://youtu.be/TADxdahPBUA?si=gi8QzHDF4Vny7vdH,
# [Electro] - Tristam - Truth [Monstercat Release],
https://youtu.be/cj73hUrwM1s?si=dVabq7hA-8yjXbWv,
# Feeling (feat. Angelika Vee) (Radio Edit),
https://youtu.be/N7BkgcBAQqg?si=NDKuLRqwjM9qHcvx,
# George Michael - Careless Whisper (Official Video),
https://youtu.be/izGwDsrQ1eQ?si=sgPLRvCM0OYYOH0C,
# I Will Give You My All 2017,
https://youtu.be/oN-8J1QA7f8?si=Mj7ziYLcr5m3gpjm,
# Tommy Richman - MILLION DOLLAR BABY (Official Visualizer),
https://youtu.be/zG5YzRxOcsI?si=TiGa3zq1MVNdaRv3,
# ÊÇ≤„Åó„Åø„Åå„Å®„Åæ„Çâ„Å™„ÅÑ„ÄÄI CAN'T STOP THE LONELINESS,
https://youtu.be/6q6GtPdVHL4?si=JKTakifzuZH5e6Si,
# Tame Impala - One More Hour (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/Y0U6u2D8cMU?si=BU9lp4nnl-bfh5tw,
# SHYNESS BOY,
https://youtu.be/50qu96dvhH8?si=YVoD7ro7k61rU3IL,
# Resolution,
https://youtu.be/C7y67MXt2Gw?si=tBKeKRrCkneZwmId,
# Lady Sunshine (Night Tempo Showa Groove Mix) (Night Tempo Showa Groove Mix),
https://youtu.be/VQXacmXrntg?si=GcXdO2q1L3mWJPf3,
# Remember Summer Days (Night Tempo Showa Groove Mix) (Night Tempo Showa Groove Mix),
https://youtu.be/ps16RaWvcPE?si=XNUHAuFysO4_98mO,
# Ê∞ó„Åæ„Åæ„Å´REFLECTION,
https://youtu.be/8xPKqk2HC98?si=WXB4XJz-R7ResHXT,
# Lady Sunshine,
https://youtu.be/Pme_z3Rn9KA?si=FsM3OU43B7CH1Aia,
# Fly By Day,
https://youtu.be/7yvrsDDGWNQ?si=Z3_Pr5xSVhVLSyLI,
# ÊùèÈáå Anri - Good Bye Boogie Dance,
https://youtu.be/Rrcs9AoXutw?si=4ZE7CrlpyUSUmTtL,
# DRIVING MY LOVE,
https://youtu.be/3uXFSvMZIwQ?si=fXwg8woWLvJSPSUQ,
# STAY BY ME,
https://youtu.be/DFmIVOKnw84?si=jfsNbWORURgiJQKR,
# Flash Back Memories,
https://youtu.be/eFIR1OXjuAQ?si=HkLxYk4xL-0xm0d4,
# Minecraft Volume Alpha - 19 - Cat,
https://youtu.be/zi7l20VjQ2I?si=y4K01tM5EuC5MfFF,
# Key,
https://youtu.be/NkS3XLy3ga4?si=jdarf_Q4PHvVvrib,
# Minecraft Volume Alpha - 18 - Sweden,
https://youtu.be/xIQrC4CerB8?si=aPVK9TyVS4cCe0Qq,
# Wet Hands,
https://youtu.be/MSepOYJxB64?si=5Ruk1KLIOg_BIvh-,
# Minecraft Volume Alpha - 3 - Subwoofer Lullaby,
https://youtu.be/o3_InDEtpLA?si=bHDwkCpXU2YJLukn,
# Aria Math,
https://youtu.be/KOIEo_74L-Q?si=Nx2WhWxuQ9zVrNGf,
# Minecraft,
https://youtu.be/XuZDeT8zI5c?si=BLO3CGOhkIFunMzu,
# C418 - Floating Trees (Minecraft Volume Beta),
https://youtu.be/j1Z_Ihkluek?si=z7LnGrd5UhbuXeXu,
# Creator,
https://youtu.be/Qtf8YFw8iZg?si=VT9rEYg2TuIp1IYp,
# Pigstep (Stereo Mix),
https://youtu.be/BTthtlT80Rc?si=rlFKf4l0VJitFBYA,
# Creed - One Last Breath (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/hwR6teRhmlc?si=LJGm_PAv5Cwzn_7W,
# Wonderland,
https://youtu.be/Q6MjA2jAtDA?si=mMoVtfZ4fEABBcMM,
# Variations on a Cloud,
https://youtu.be/LJCLUhBzBM8?si=dYGx9TRH4kiYNsnm,
# Tally Hall - Welcome To Tally Hall,
https://youtu.be/SwToedwyhoE?si=Xf5Jyrka2uRLBWNU,
# Taken for a Ride,
https://youtu.be/nHjaNDGgYEA?si=1n1jMw23c-qcCB-U,
# Jolly Days,
https://youtu.be/6qtMHIvBL5E?si=rBwjHMpjRVJ4ZF5A,
# Catch the Swing,
https://youtu.be/jtVewawP3i8?si=VvMKJquqtiFXefiq,
# Miles Davis - Flamenco Sketches (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/nTwp1sgUJrM?si=33cosDO_21t2jEp4,
# Wonderland Romance,
https://youtu.be/Y-zhTlOcAMU?si=_2gJB5TSFrO-53Jx,
# Ace High,
https://youtu.be/OWN379eboME?si=JQDua3yQul2_zG_j,
# Swinging World,
https://youtu.be/R682YYI1h0c?si=eS31ESMerMo3CutZ,
# Swing Doors,
https://youtu.be/UV4N93fI-m4?si=uHbMhXdIzVkxZNPF,
# Slow Sax,
https://youtu.be/tlqIQ28sc6o?si=Z-VU5Luj9mq3WsNC,
# Manhattan,
https://youtu.be/BDJ7W15hFF4?si=lIEOd7wEWk_QbxX4,
# Jazz Fast,
https://youtu.be/chcDexATsWI?si=40kG0vBxsyQwujm-,
# Haupe,
https://youtu.be/rf3cnulwRiU?si=7Mqf02DERqXkKJWP,
# Rhythm for You,
https://youtu.be/JAkaA6V3Gxo?si=Tq_h7cTuZ6QY2VlF,
# Jazz Blues,
https://youtu.be/oN3We_nQ7Jc?si=DlPeI9HrFkvoPri-,
# Crystal Teardrops,
https://youtu.be/XxEdkh4lYUQ?si=Mp-nLW9IQCCPqELP,
# One Piece OST: Luffy's Fierce Attack x Overtaken | EPIC VERSION (Gear 5 Theme),
https://youtu.be/HN0vkS4zhc4?si=pMpcIAgzUMCAEQah,
# Luffy (from "One Piece") (Instrumental),
https://youtu.be/WWwgBVwwFDA?si=f-ktQr9nO8n3ztfd,
# BURNOUT SYNDROMES „ÄéGood Morning World!„ÄèMusic VideoÔºàTV„Ç¢„Éã„É°„ÄåÔº§ÔΩíÔºéÔº≥Ôº¥ÔºØÔºÆÔº•„Äç„Ç™„Éº„Éó„Éã„É≥„Ç∞„ÉÜ„Éº„ÉûÔºâ,
https://youtu.be/yQEUGxngQN4?si=vs_1bag4PrHFO1ra,
# „Éï„Ç∏„Éï„Ç°„Éñ„É™„ÉÉ„ÇØ „ÄéÊ•ΩÂúí„Äè(TV„Ç¢„Éã„É°„ÄåÔº§ÔΩíÔºéÔº≥Ôº¥ÔºØÔºÆÔº•„ÄçÁ¨¨2Êúü„Ç™„Éº„Éó„Éã„É≥„Ç∞„ÉÜ„Éº„Éû),
https://youtu.be/TzlecLbdo-s?si=4a5ZbXNtPovwmrQQ,
# Minecraft Won't Add Inches to Your C‚Äîk ~ Fallout Boy Parody ~ Rucka Rucka Ali,
https://youtu.be/mLzrlJyT0_4?si=7OoeXlcjdnrG44Np,
# Tame Impala - Love/Paranoia (Audio),
https://youtu.be/eI2c-Nrgsko?si=76SeuF01FwLvgySa,
# WIND ROSE: Rock And Stone (With Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/Si--_wP_xTY?si=bqAxHqmRGzRPGqwT,
# WIND ROSE - Diggy Diggy Hole -  With Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/7CiPYm8t310?si=DSOr1yqtfb9I09_-,
# Mine Mine Mine!,
https://youtu.be/A0cr2cfSH9I?si=u82nunul8KaTjza5,
# Paramore: Ain't It Fun [OFFICIAL VIDEO],
https://youtu.be/EFEmTsfFL5A?si=OSRGvmqE8HxnYvMv,
# Believe,
https://youtu.be/WmkRJd2Lv0A?si=e3QwIaT2rZCrCgSc,
# I Don't Like Mondays. / PAINT (Audio),
https://youtu.be/OdvSAM1x4KQ?si=MRQ305KlrmJ_ayOa,
# One piece OP 3 Babystars - Hikari e! Lyrics,
https://youtu.be/cSP9KTL86hw?si=6CUZ6Yq3yHYi7zut,
# ONE PIECE OPENING 19 - WE CAN („ÉØ„É≥„Éî„Éº„Çπ Op 19),
https://youtu.be/r3_05qavJnM?si=R1q-rdYnFjbi3pOj,
# One Piece - Opening 17 „ÄêWake up!„Äë 4K 60FPS Creditless | CC,
https://youtu.be/OU8QssAstPA?si=CcGqcGDBlYCzWYMp,
# One Piece - Opening 23 „ÄêDREAMIN' ON„Äë 4K 60FPS Creditless | CC,
https://youtu.be/YycdCG0L8Kg?si=Qh7NTFbPd_2WswIl,
# One Piece - Opening 5 „ÄêKokoro no Chizu„Äë 4K 60FPS Creditless | CC,
https://youtu.be/Tt6H_MuhkNc?si=3tJO9GrfJX0Y98yP,
# One Piece - Opening 12 „ÄêKaze wo Sagashite„Äë 4K 60FPS Creditless | CC,
https://youtu.be/wme9RDwoR9Y?si=9kx7mOH203cd-Qzk,
# One Piece - Opening 11 „ÄêShare the World„Äë 4K 60FPS Creditless | CC,
https://youtu.be/i4EjetJBdWE?si=GP1fa0zbNaDU8Hiz,
# One Piece - Opening 18 „ÄêHard Knock Days„Äë 4K 60FPS Creditless | CC,
https://youtu.be/zw76E7oTk9w?si=J6TNaRnAeb7fVrfY,
# One Piece - Opening 6 „ÄêBrand New World„Äë 4K 60FPS Creditless | CC,
https://youtu.be/B4ZQvniSX4M?si=jIwbDn99g3PxTm_g,
# One Piece - Opening 22 v2 „ÄêOVER THE TOP„Äë 4K 60FPS Creditless | CC,
https://youtu.be/t0NkTtRsxEc?si=lqqKKXHEp4RLwAwt,
# One Piece - Opening 8 v1 „ÄêCrazy Rainbow„Äë 4K 60FPS Creditless | CC,
https://youtu.be/unV3OwA14co?si=NMPkJNVStmFMjfs8,
# One Piece - Opening 8 v2 „ÄêCrazy Rainbow„Äë 4K 60FPS Creditless | CC,
https://youtu.be/ZVWt9FbE_Is?si=Xt6RYHJxyKJa0S6P,
# One Piece - Opening 16 „ÄêHands Up!„Äë 4K 60FPS Creditless | CC,
https://youtu.be/WsPI841IKw4?si=JD23hXkOgf7tygNd,
# BON VOYAGEÔºÅ ÔºàONE PIECE OP),
https://youtu.be/XKh8nuHjj1c?si=EEW4t8-j_pM7Ny8Y,
# One Piece - Opening 15 „ÄêWe go!„Äë 4K 60FPS Creditless | CC,
https://youtu.be/BEQAk2d-wrA?si=TLf3wdImYVLzZvAt,
# Jungle P (ONE PIECE),
https://youtu.be/Q-Se1wp830g?si=ShITMqAflMqt-sVv,
# „Ç¶„Ç£„Éº„Ç¢„ÉºÔºÅ ÔºàONE PIECE OP),
https://youtu.be/bm6fgI6E6SM?si=LsMV8NUDSSjrZGki,
# Addaraya - Gurza Dreaming (S.T.A.L.K.E.R. OST),
https://youtu.be/UqgAtnS0_bc?si=3rMVwfwxEP-7fsp_,
# Theme from Dissect S5,
https://youtu.be/39l9CGR4ijM?si=sCUQ4v1NCk0l2cE2,
# Firestarter,
https://youtu.be/Hb9hvRSEel8?si=aPYrSKeFMpr5Cp13,
# Shinedown - Planet Zero,
https://youtu.be/VRMqCGkI15A?si=euAltdOXYnPthvun,
# My Name (Wearing Me Out),
https://youtu.be/HoqePhk3-Uc?si=yE0qKxaIjLfa_E88,
# Adventure Of A Lifetime - COLDPLAY (Lyrics/Vietsub),
https://youtu.be/Ouo79OREJNc?si=D8frUFLeDk1F_5jF,
# Mitski - My Love Mine All Mine (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/CwGbMYLjIpQ?si=yGmLGZecwFKofPsh,
# Karma Police,
https://youtu.be/4IJI6soiQhI?si=VsbYFzUsGckj0im7,
# Tame Impala - Reality In Motion (Audio),
https://youtu.be/hQN3RH_xWJg?si=4Nt1gLEgIWLmjvc-,
# Tame Impala - The Moment (Audio),
https://youtu.be/3Qpf9pAkUeI?si=LYA3cY0GVaVVGEaR,
# Tame Impala - Disciples (Audio),
https://youtu.be/NTfYYRGTB3g?si=7Pj0GSDL-GOGaJ4n,
# Tame Impala - Nangs (Audio),
https://youtu.be/c3yEjD_oijw?si=fCbmTaY1T6-slN8K,
# Tame Impala - Gossip (Audio),
https://youtu.be/NF0_IUZIUxs?si=RfVrumcY8-diLybs,
# Short Change Hero,
https://youtu.be/GjTTB6yII4o?si=BvBBY04LY-_BY3rw,
# BORDERLANDS 2 - This Ain't No Place For A Hero  By The Heavy | Gearbox Software,
https://youtu.be/huPC8p6Z7FY?si=mfRA6fV10oyDD9jp,
# Lovefool,
https://youtu.be/GLg2352T_vc?si=7R4tBj-o5kv9a2X9,
# One Piece (1999) - Overtaken,
https://youtu.be/J8FDoTOd0s4?si=xFY_G__R9IMXSmKH,
# The Heavy - 'What Makes A Good Man?',
https://youtu.be/nUbYdjO7tE4?si=dDlytAg7Sz2K6e-3,
# Ain't No Rest For The Wicked (Original Version),
https://youtu.be/qLP9FaocIUk?si=mDi_FdvNy8J4qk2U,
# Á¥ÖËìÆ„ÅÆÂºìÁü¢,
https://youtu.be/2B6nj38AdD0?si=TrwxWA7HMbz_Rp9M,
# Ëá™Áî±„ÅÆÁøº,
https://youtu.be/W8UNLOOogU4?si=A3LxlcC7JxAaSbzG,
# ÂøÉËáì„ÇíÊçß„Åí„Çà!,
https://youtu.be/o75PUTiHEXU?si=GA2gusqtF_0hKlzb,
# The Cruel Angel's Thesis | Evangelion Finally,
https://youtu.be/-RRWvHTQjPE?si=S63mVRYL3RLegg8A,
# Mitski - Francis Forever (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/mHKTdlUyyko?si=SYDb-8WoDq365uoo,
# Champion,
https://youtu.be/qJpprwtl070?si=KbTbnf_N04ASjFAw,
# HUECO MUNDO (BLEACH REMIX),
https://youtu.be/AgWam6w6EGA?si=jJDthbDtMKJz6_N0,
# Nube Negra,
https://youtu.be/MBJcmVQC2WI?si=G49IbZBUN53G8R2d,
# Number One - Bankai,
https://youtu.be/7JEjQG4-tpU?si=a-xxgMYCCnspJsqT,
# Escalon,
https://youtu.be/6MelzhSUXPE?si=RHfO64diOqLn87KZ,
# Clavar La Espada,
https://youtu.be/Z9Onb_z0XPI?si=AKrwSOFgb4Qq1Hl9,
# Daft Punk - Instant Crush (Video) ft. Julian Casablancas,
https://youtu.be/a5uQMwRMHcs?si=BcdQ0xEhqN9gLTHl,
# Daft Punk - Give Life Back to Music (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/IluRBvnYMoY?si=-l0JehYbdbjVVSEb,
# Daft Punk - Lose Yourself to Dance (Official Version),
https://youtu.be/NF-kLy44Hls?si=WiA-JbSzlJq7xKRP,
# The Strokes - The Adults Are Talking (Official Audio) ,
https://youtu.be/o4qsjmLxhow?si=RHGBK-PX5hTcpMPK,
# Mitski - First Love/Late Spring (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/DVIaDzs1EH4?si=d-w0iu5XXiVuFIDc,
# Creep,
https://youtu.be/zFYEYRcjK2g?si=Sy9irdsDlavAOVM7,
# ABBA - Dancing Queen (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/-sVB91NTa4A?si=_wQzv8wtsT3o9nna,
# Nirvana - Smells Like Teen Spirit (Official Music Video),
https://youtu.be/hTWKbfoikeg?si=e5UMfM4CuUytIusx,
# Pharrell Williams - Double Life (From "Despicable Me 4" - Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/fWtn6RMNiok?feature=shared,
# Kanye West - Heartless (HD),
https://youtu.be/p42ZPTgmrnY?si=Um-EcNxt2CHcCZy7,
# Theme from Dissect: Black Is King,
https://youtu.be/rjbacUm-uk4?si=yyGOmdKParJBhUDe,
# Birocratic & G Mills - Pepperidge Lamar,
https://youtu.be/YsNjPbid9MU?si=IBy-xQmzH6L7vHKE,
# Looming,
https://youtu.be/Wmbw59BiyZg?si=s5_01p-hMopHdPDI,
# birocratic - celery man (jazzy hip-hop beat),
https://youtu.be/97S7m5IK5ME?si=E2DwxK2W6vW2vgCP,
# Holy Smokes,
https://youtu.be/w8axfkfGLQo?si=rXaN1D5ZzoYVAikg,
# [SPECIAL] Engelwood x Jeff Kaale - Oldschool ( ft. Birocratic ),
https://youtu.be/PC9abNFgvMI?si=uaRqb9LlQKSS28Oe,
# birocratic - sombre, green | [jazzy hip-hop beat],
https://youtu.be/o5YL-s4TI9s?si=3zD0f7eqp2WWVMPp,
# birocratic - hurry! | [instrumental hip-hop],
https://youtu.be/3-8Q_afPKWw?si=3Ywy0fjIDLK-pkwy,
# Leaving Her Flowers,
https://youtu.be/_34moXVF8Kg?si=CmSaBJmYk4k0aFRn,
# Bleary Eyes,
https://youtu.be/mUlEx0EFITk?si=_5zbsY-cjyfhc6xv,
# Main Theme - Super Smash Bros: Brawl,
https://youtu.be/zeKE0NHUtUw?si=pKCj8K8YlA8OnQMh,
# Fitz And The Tantrums - Out Of My League,
https://youtu.be/E4tg4g2A7u8?si=MVowZA-xGsRFkVMb
# Disturbed - Decadence [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/-daTpfB-7K4?si=0Qk-M9n9pdtaLIAo,
# Disturbed - Warrior [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/O-1Q25kb-2w?si=FlRgwLUTZW-K7eJx,
# Disturbed - Prayer,
https://youtu.be/SbS2iOlwTTQ?si=PiseZlnTrj6bJxoU,
# Disturbed - Hey You [Official Lyric Video],
https://youtu.be/h1yOMGy1GPU?si=ay5PGe3skvC8tL3e,
# Inside the Fire,
https://youtu.be/2Q1SxzEBhnc?si=RVrxD_BWi2y_FJL5,
# Disturbed - Ten Thousand Fists [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/_wcQP2tGzu0?si=sgWxuVDQWLoDSULQ,
# Mac DeMarco // "Freaking Out The Neighborhood",
https://youtu.be/MeRIAew8eXc?si=cmC5RVI75V1IYNkF,
# Wicked Game,
https://youtu.be/oadhHk2xs6c?si=qixOYcVegIWhY9c3,
# Voices,
https://youtu.be/uvIEhCPZV8U?si=KVbXEY_tjMcsB-5A,
# Disturbed - The Night [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/OcJ5h2qeI5g?si=b4Pzzp7Y49kJqFyf,
# Disturbed - Land Of Confusion [Official Music Video],
https://youtu.be/YV4oYkIeGJc?si=_8uVqNZ_O8gt1wAN,
# Disturbed - No More [Official Lyrics Video],
https://youtu.be/eQji1bEXwc0?si=RlwQlQLmvmWmD_1V,
# Joji - Run (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/P2YYk-oZFyI?si=70HJpny_D3Yd_er3,
# Sanctuary,
https://youtu.be/ZEY9UCzzbcQ?si=KynwfZXm2IrOmEsR,
# Elton John - I'm Still Standing ,
https://youtu.be/ZHwVBirqD2s?si=HXqyhslL1acbE1dU,
# Elton John & Dua Lipa - Cold Heart (PNAU Remix),
https://youtu.be/oGZ1PVwJyPQ?si=FpcUnxqBP-SYacRu,
# Rocket Man (I Think It's Going To Be A Long Long Time),
https://youtu.be/GuyGoiQkWAo?si=s-tY2EmFvE_50xsZ,
# Taurus Demon,
https://youtu.be/FbKoy15fwZw?si=Fkwoz7WlWDTc1SzO,
# Gwyn, Lord of Cinder,
https://youtu.be/3bqLGebDRIY?si=WzWl2Wv4Ul7-HAhf,
# Majula,
https://youtu.be/BeJ-Kscdp4w?si=Y_W-E9kovn52TANU,
# Firelink Shrine,
https://youtu.be/Gjht7acg9d4?si=sOqPUEfJVKzKE0UR,
# Vordt, of the Borealis Valley (From Dark Souls 3),
https://youtu.be/iDHvrOO6adg?si=W2zCF2KzHs3pu9iY,
# Gaping Dragon,
https://youtu.be/UQ3nqf7Ndeo?si=vZUkJ_bh696D4E43,
# Battle of Stoicism,
https://youtu.be/RNNIkM4Cg-U?si=Pzcwh0XbKIuL8OjZ,
# Bell Gargoyle,
https://youtu.be/tIoqLD-e1ME?si=y4yVN16R1aKN0Ew3,
# Gwynevere, Princess of Sunlight,
https://youtu.be/rligUk71Hb4?si=gB7wc5267G-KgHRk,
# Four Kings,
https://youtu.be/_tnu_zOB8-g?si=TxJD5yp0IUvA00zc,
# Nameless Song,
https://youtu.be/90a5OuC9Fr8?si=atwZez9fGubjn65n,
# VORACITY,
https://youtu.be/XPOIe6WdhPQ?si=WcivmIrsYgm4VnEb,
# OxT - Clattanoia,
https://youtu.be/VLoUqdDZp0I?si=ISv0acmqvKW4udrS,
# OxT - GO CRY GO ,
https://youtu.be/efL4a9zIMBQ?si=aqrda1zanIpizlRQ,
# mao zedong propaganda music Red Sun in the Sky,
https://youtu.be/xGxj2iHAtzE?si=xoBH4Bb33H1IX2VR,
# Meiko Nakahara - Fantasy (1982),
https://youtu.be/2Kt8HP1VEPU?si=rKLuPYy_LtFhMGZ5,
# Nakahara - Meiko N Fantasy (from Spotify),
https://youtu.be/Fkt_Bb6UxSg,
# Loverboy - Working for the Weekend (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/cxhj1Is7HpY?si=_2RWHu_6238j95ST,
# Nirvana - Heart-Shaped Box,
https://youtu.be/n6P0SitRwy8?si=bONwf-hmlECZ_pV9,
# When It's Over,
https://youtu.be/iG0aWUh1JAY?si=a06J44LW1-cVOcho,
# Mittsies - Vitality,
https://youtu.be/EnDXGQmCz3U?si=hUlsqlDtapg1h7_j,
# Mittsies - Alchemy,
https://youtu.be/VieIk9rjCos?si=FgXQY22c-5saAodE,
# Mittsies - Vitality (VIP Edit),
https://youtu.be/x6kGfw4cK7Y?si=dxHCGsmj8lSR3uBX,
# It's Going Down Now,
https://youtu.be/2KuWjZD6PBA?si=9t_8RLtWSvcMOvvV,
# Changing Seasons -Reload-,
https://youtu.be/t9TdQCdtUeo?si=tDC5FFn3lxNuSZrp,
# Don't,
https://youtu.be/dT5Ck6bXBu8?si=ACSD3AawfjPOONCz,
# Color Your Night,
https://youtu.be/j9Sn1nFGQQ8?si=lEli5NxR6uPlhMq1,
# Last Surprise,
https://youtu.be/ZNGqBDRJgvo?si=ClDhAMDPkXRJd6h_,
# Duran Duran - INVISIBLE,
https://youtu.be/FKwVFWwA_x8?si=BsLSyQX3IkjiXWfp,
# Bonnie Tyler - Holding Out for a Hero (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/CPK2HwYzjkA?si=Fre7uLlJs9uoAzcG,
# Acenda o farol,
https://youtu.be/tPp9zkjfj7Q?si=cbw7lqfO6gRc5Tf4,
# Tim Maia - Acenda o Farol (Lyric video),
https://youtu.be/vJKilc5VgfU?si=97QzOo6hROELPWum,
# Elvis Presley - The Wonder of You (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/F5eEvfOyb7k?si=quZWo03_iAYQtzqH,
# Elvis Presley, Kate Moss - The Wonder of You (Official Music Video),
https://youtu.be/HcesjvyWmvg?si=O035FzfLa0IRi7RJ,
# Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/PpsUOOfb-vE?si=kNrXgmG5kcveGxk6,
# Soundgarden - Black Hole Sun,
https://youtu.be/3mbBbFH9fAg?si=N1-5dniZo5cPbzMn,
# Dead Or Alive - You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) (Official Video),
https://youtu.be/PGNiXGX2nLU?si=WKFFgMa7KEG5ac06,
# Wah-Wah (2014 Remaster),
https://youtu.be/NDVAQE7nplU?si=P-QzmiGUq4iQqhsm,
# Gospel,
https://youtu.be/gMdVCaVkNU0?si=g5RxrYL6_el02Qmx,
# Soft and Wet,
https://youtu.be/Aq7ddhSGOSE?si=Vmuu71tt1nWHkcwZ,
# The End of the World ,
https://youtu.be/xHa6a3FtPJg?si=g6H7AYeSyMlgmQgq,
# Ninth Ward Calling,
https://youtu.be/Owy33jG0sHo?si=U9clhIIaVpj6ccR0,
# Nightmarika,
https://youtu.be/ZsEqHEX4WU0?si=6YhdP6dvA_SZCmEq,
# Dynomite,
https://youtu.be/avqnKHl9Nuw?si=wAm0h1sR2axAd04_,
# Simon & Garfunkel - I Am A Rock,
https://youtu.be/JKlSVNxLB-A?si=77-advuTGf6ptguQ,
# Paradisus-Paradoxum,
https://youtu.be/K5bm_ER9CKw?si=6geWYOOe9B0Q4tp8,
# Styx Helix,
https://youtu.be/7uJxtwBFxxI?si=qXWSwa5I-YdsxcnD,
# Re:Zero Season 2 - Ending Full„ÄéMemento„Äèby nonoc,
https://youtu.be/CXcEbr1ixEc?si=xqvHCzYJZiH6bfnw,
# Redo,
https://youtu.be/R9i8nVS2NCA?si=mJnxat2FIw2B-422,
# AC/DC - Highway to Hell (Official Video),
https://youtu.be/l482T0yNkeo?si=I6zjKv6i2lCRBSTk,
# Scary Monsters (And Super Creeps) (2017 Remaster),
https://youtu.be/HkMn_n5KzCc?si=afVH58I7zHxQHk5D,
# Love Train (Extended Version),
https://youtu.be/dzgNPjOOITo?si=kJSnIndOB5k1yJQe,
# High Voltage (Original Australian Release),
https://youtu.be/kbVfrjgdKl4?si=R2j9ZdEz9tbiYZE_,
# The Jimi Hendrix Experience - Purple Haze (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/WGoDaYjdfSg?si=ttPvELftC_jirMrW,
# Highway Star (2024 Remastered),
https://youtu.be/7ZhFFxvrbgk?si=EkImwuqYHJDhmxh0,
# Roundabout (2024 Remaster) ,
https://youtu.be/pk3HBb0mh5Q?si=hsTc9cVNL1QsFtbm,
# David Bowie - Scary Monsters (And Super Creeps) ,
https://youtu.be/FkFvnyOQr3w?si=rNkMN0s_g4V5rwfG,
# Back Stabbers,
https://youtu.be/mzyZ18ukbOg?si=TmsJuxfssCf6p46s,
# Queen - Another One Bites The Dust (Official Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/JDaD2G9xjMc?si=hcjJzZEreL-d5SyA,
# AC/DC - Back In Black (Official 4K Video),
https://youtu.be/pAgnJDJN4VA?si=eC_1dAEhXGmXIW36,
# AC/DC - It's a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock 'N' Roll) (Audio),
https://youtu.be/GChhRrU6BJU?si=E7XV-tB_8BCIuYfE,
# Smoke On The Water (2024 Remastered),
https://youtu.be/qK7j_EERgT4?si=yu2T77v4meEpeEYd,
# Red Hot Chili Peppers - By The Way [Official Music Video],
https://youtu.be/JnfyjwChuNU?si=p7nE5qhlcRdY-W0c,
# Pharrell Williams - Happy (from Despicable Me 2) [Ballroom Version],
https://youtu.be/C7dPqrmDWxs?si=WrznPOsJys-xMdQ4,
# Killer,
https://youtu.be/ayTe5S42guI?si=vpMz3-vCniFOXHv_,
# Portishead - Glory Box ,
https://youtu.be/4qQyUi4zfDs?si=RWfjb870YffKR8lT,
# Mysterons,
https://youtu.be/slDNOtOQ8oA?si=ob8tI4RjzG8gy0_F,
# Red Hot Chili Peppers - Scar Tissue [Official Music Video] [HD UPGRADE],
https://youtu.be/mzJj5-lubeM?si=zJ5uZvfceGsFhmEh,
# „ÄêÊùæÂéü„Åø„Åç„Äë„Çπ„Ç´„Ç§„É¨„Çπ„Éà„É©„É≥  Miki Matsubara 'SKY RESTAURANT'(Music Video),
https://youtu.be/2mWoa6Gvl6E?si=IWzUU1X82YCS1gPW,
# Plastic love - Mariya Takeuchi,
https://youtu.be/JPYSScube4o?si=6T6akj-t4ULfuDbp,
# The Killers - Somebody Told Me (Official Music Video),
https://youtu.be/Y5fBdpreJiU?si=Xl9spwicb_SI-04t,
# Droopy Likes Your Face,
https://youtu.be/WIU8cI-_4T0?si=xFEVMxo3C_HKiUml,
# The Quarter,
https://youtu.be/bM-wWXDM_WY?si=xvvWKapn4_ekELRP,
# Magic Number,
https://youtu.be/gaptWjtwIuU?si=v7Bnqo971-RAhoIQ,
# I'm Still Standing (Remastered),
https://youtu.be/RMndME63PMo?si=wKH5fngJ6-BHpWS3,
# Queen of Quiet (feat. ÂúüÂ≤êÈ∫ªÂ≠ê),
https://youtu.be/CnXYxvsLldI?si=VNFCvOzYVQThVqFx,
# Cafun√© - Tek It (Acoustic) [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/1TErgGEwg34?si=r_T4TUy5ZlfssHLF,
# Snake Five,
https://youtu.be/VwWLQuqgMZY?si=8r4g0iCIbQ6OIHDW,
# Powerhouse,
https://youtu.be/2gFL7TAzRmY?si=z6fvJ7V4x8IXYFEa,
# Drunk Bears,
https://youtu.be/Zo4j_DWHv48?si=pAWime-PpfpePH4A,
# Jason Derulo, Frozy & Tomo - From The Islands (Kompa Passion) (Official Music Video),
https://youtu.be/zgPIfFM3pFc?si=D5vkGIKybZ51DXAZ,
# joyful - chess (chess type beat),
https://youtu.be/SGh1PIzCjrY?si=GbyebOPTYm_PZwg5,
# SEE-SAW LOVE („Ç∑„Éº„ÇΩ„Éº„Éª„É©„Éñ),
https://youtu.be/PcZgrf6vNeo?si=inCTIMqUoz-gxQIB,
# Êù±‰∫¨„Ç∏„É£„Ç∫„Éª„ÇØ„É©„Éñ,
https://youtu.be/9Yk2b87FoEg?si=KhaJLX1-Dg8PoX7o,
# Â§ßË≤´Â¶ôÂ≠ê (Taeko Onuki) ‚Äì Summer Connection (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/9uSRhU6BNqA?si=TKVAOEdcbvSuvEh7,
# „Çø„Ç§„É†„Éû„Ç∑„Éº„É≥„Éª„É©„É¥,
https://youtu.be/1mheZTVqkGI?si=wD1AM50MJ35RFlhJ,
# Star-Light Train,
https://youtu.be/n129qmeSRD0?si=-NgIGGuwm5L7-Nqv,
# „Åø„Åö„ÅÑ„Çç„ÅÆÈõ®,
https://youtu.be/RYYsnYfFzeM?si=FIL3kJZdInVhNMz-,
# Â§ßË≤´Â¶ôÂ≠ê (Taeko Onuki) ‚Äì „Åè„Åô„Çä„Çí„Åü„Åè„Åï„Çì (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/H_zSHpIdb8g?si=cYvQfGGgmCIi7ugg,
# Redbone - Come and Get Your Love (Single Edit - Audio),
https://youtu.be/bc0KhhjJP98?si=XqTly96gyNgAma9V,
# Redbone - Come and Get Your Love (Audio),
https://youtu.be/kuymTS9PoBQ?si=i9TsDHahzTQ9_Qhf,
# Passage,
https://youtu.be/WvCFCFqF68U?si=uOJLiAaqgi2mbiFT,
# Ëä±„Å≥„Çâ,
https://youtu.be/LBRHRCdQzKc?si=6KYDp8oiasXkvzUG,
# Êú™Êù•,
https://youtu.be/iOHQZgTF1SA?si=slVoTOzR06LYUel6,
# ÊùæÂéü„Åø„Åç - ÁúüÂ§ú‰∏≠„ÅÆ„Éâ„Ç¢ÔºèStay With Me (Night Tempo Showa Groove Mix) „ÄêOfficial Visualizer„Äë,
https://youtu.be/TFT9binq5Cw?si=0rOreV5C3MtHz396,
# Yasuha ‚Äì Fly-Day Chinatown (Night Tempo Showa Groove Mix) „ÄêOfficial Visualizer„Äë,
https://youtu.be/XPDDAKvVU2Y?si=N_qgWZNArMpe4Mnk,
# „Ç∑„É≥„Éá„É¨„É©„Éª„Éè„Éç„É†„Éº„É≥,
https://youtu.be/P8BeD_7QuyA?si=ow5mYGTna_DiHkbb,
# ‰∏áËèØÈè°,
https://youtu.be/9W2-LVTM6sk?si=9lbqN5CKFRI4SdwL,
# „Çª„É≥„ÉÅ„É°„É≥„Çø„É´,
https://youtu.be/H-eOOhrpoXE?si=JwEZvOfSd3ngDXLY,
# ËÅñÊØç„Åü„Å°„ÅÆ„É©„É©„Éê„Ç§,
https://youtu.be/WQZhXZRk0zY?si=EBU0suSDd6wo2jkl,
# „É≠„Éû„É≥„Çπ ,
https://youtu.be/O303fySt1js?si=7Bj448UhDbuaxxzC,
# ‰∫åÈáçÂî±Ôºà„Éá„É•„Ç®„ÉÉ„ÉàÔºâ,
https://youtu.be/obfqTENo_Xo?si=pdaPbOsThgmIlTGv,
# Disturbed - I'm Alive [Official Audio],
https://youtu.be/lGlbwFqtvu4?si=Yn42fDnMkWMVFFkF,
# Blue Light,
https://youtu.be/guiYotYl4BY?si=kZssn6MIhf4h6Iks,
# Mitski - Washing Machine Heart,
https://youtu.be/3vjkh-acmTE?si=-kKxCNDlHoyWROgM,
# Bowl Man (feat. IKZO),
https://youtu.be/EhmdxgxsrL4?si=nX8WD-Giq8RJ1xHc,
# ‰Ωï„ÇÇ„ÅÑ„Çâ„Å™„ÅÑ,
https://youtu.be/HTjZSglaLUg?si=dHyX4bPBB0S1nDJa,
# Yokogao,
https://youtu.be/AluniYGkQ-k?si=XB9D4ZWOZzSeW_8t,
# ONE SUMMER NIGHT,
https://youtu.be/Y4iXVi3biZs?si=lU4wRPYBNkEldKzp,
# Steve Lacy - Dark Red,
https://youtu.be/xRzbLQ_WKPs?si=Kz2epdOYK5JpBWUK,
# Catch The Rainbow,
https://youtu.be/V5QukAC-jqE?si=IR4N9UvwJk6xhTz2,
# Penny Lane (Remastered 2015),
https://youtu.be/z7syIxQCquo?si=6YL6q-2YT4FiBIiX,
# Help! (Remastered 2009),
https://youtu.be/MKUex3fci5c?si=0OVWTn0VaIUWdLS2,
# Day Tripper (Remastered 2009),
https://youtu.be/suRl1L2U6GY?si=WJZlxz2YBnkC9tk9,
# Something (2019 Mix),
https://youtu.be/cNavPZ8GA6I?si=e6YLBcjWLQ3tBdd7,
# Eleanor Rigby (Remastered 2015),
https://youtu.be/6gluNoLVKiQ?si=jvdSoSA4gQNOgHb2,
# Holy F - "Tom Tom",
https://youtu.be/-8MbcIvCAec?si=X9HU8LaCWfEWFAS5,
# Maroon 5 - Animals (Lyric Video),
https://youtu.be/7BJ3ZXpserc?si=LZeeyYtDgMvZ4Xbq,
# The Kill [Bury Me] (Edit),
https://youtu.be/humLzq_SX1s?si=l1ZfM7AisNnMED_C,
# Midnight Pretenders,
https://youtu.be/7pPb5fmumNo?si=HmK9AfFP1q4fHPB6,
# 4:00 AM ‚Ä¢ Taeko Ohnuki [ENG] ,
https://youtu.be/1l7xD-6jCLw?si=UZJTJWGhMlIihUvy,
# Jajauma Musume,
https://youtu.be/3rHObjo2Bu4?si=ukNkT_g0Fek6i1lU,
# Â•Ω„Åç„Å´„Å™„Çâ„Åö„Å´„ÅÑ„Çâ„Çå„Å™„ÅÑ,
https://youtu.be/vayPVZaPY9E?si=GRGV8DPyWJ2TnDX2,
# Ê±∫ÂøÉ,
https://youtu.be/L615h4gx2Yc?si=sX5XoWagjcHcEftL,
# Three Horns Valley Ambience (Original OST Extended),
https://youtu.be/3qORH0oM03Q?si=5NVVn_tl52mW8Ywh,
# Three Horns Divide Ambience (Original OST Extended),
https://youtu.be/KmNmzF90E-Y?si=kPYatBvLupxuVeL1,
# THE HILLS - THE WEEKND (Metal cover by SOLENCE),
https://youtu.be/cX9LOBnVb7U?si=7yWrVzymu_h_P9SN,
# TOXIC - BRITNEY SPEARS (Metal Cover by SOLENCE),
https://youtu.be/8q6J8q_nc1k?si=j-xXVul_QNsIS8Gi,
# Clouds of regret - VideoHelper,
https://youtu.be/ugn5a-Ia9xI?si=NlDNA6-DuwjM6V8T,
# All units needed - VideoHelper,
https://youtu.be/gQTipxQSwBA?si=gwaoLWkscobF68K8,
# SNOW STRIPPERS - UNDER YOUR SPELL #SURFGANG,
https://youtu.be/MqsQI2Di2xY?si=5iU9vbCnGQ-nbYHN,
# PinkPantheress - Take me home (Official Audio),
https://youtu.be/X4jxc5Dz1zM?si=_tom72v822k6M7SK,
# "Path of The Wind" by Joe Hisaishi,
https://youtu.be/MZgBjQFMPvk?si=zmopnOqtSyvsYXvc,
# Wake Up,
https://youtu.be/vqT6cZUkn5Y?si=z7DAHBg_QVEGrgfJ,
# Back to The Street,
https://youtu.be/-D5vG0LPXKM?si=R5RCA9uVdvPDlZtd,
# Tension - Instrumental P Nando,
https://youtu.be/5wk1Xijc4w8?si=nRIn4d4IHN76VSLA,
# Lenny Kravitz It Ain't Over 'til It's Over (Lyrics),
https://youtu.be/-KimF2MbunU?si=gvEwaFcXsXpOFfX5,
# Nasenaffe,
https://youtu.be/jjy3f4AslTc?si=O_KLe0Eosf0ZLT7g,
# Fly Away - Lenny Kravitz,
https://youtu.be/4jSGMJZv764?si=KEQdD6-idoUJ-u_s,
# Cowboy - Kid Rock,
https://youtu.be/pw7pp6vYIKQ?si=pLCUFVLsAFkqA6EV,
# Battotai - Imperial Japanese Army March,
https://youtu.be/JoC3EU_H2tc?si=bCsU9Xg_KiBWGJYg,
# Hot Together - The Pointer Sisters,
https://youtu.be/7k0eEdoZ9JI?si=n8uMT8o-S_SbVQsA,
# Kletva - Louis,
https://youtu.be/2uQje7xwwfk?si=8aP2TWBKkj-6-e-q,
# I Was Made For Lovin' You (Single Mix),
https://youtu.be/S7XlozkhhIc?si=wqyh10GK-EOtswJ2,
# Dragon Ball Z Original Soundtrack - Battle Point Unlimited ( High Quality ),
https://youtu.be/eMYt9sGOcTU?si=pXte890_nqEa5jxx,
# Sidewalks and Skeletons - Goth // (Lyrics in Russian & English),
https://youtu.be/qqOkOcrHZ50?si=ZOl9YwyaN8kDCdt_,
# Men I Trust - Hard To Let Go,
https://youtu.be/N5kd-JIVCgg?si=Izm3AMEgzY4agTJ5,
